I found the product to be overpriced. This is a good idea, but not worth the money. The box was a different color than pictured, yellow. The stencils are thin and flimsy. Quite a few more stencils should be included for the price or the price should be significantly lower.
These pliers are not stainless steel. They came packed/coated with a yellowish oil, like mild steel tools often are. The description didn't specify the materials so now I know to look for that. The manufacturers box that they were delivered in had the word "Stainless" before Steel scratched off with a black magic marker.
GREAT buy! So glad I got this. I now have two of these -- one to keep at home and one to take on vacation.
Still having problems getting the upper tension correct. Still too tight. Keep re-threading the machine but haven't found the problem yet.
The Velcro bottom would not stick to the place I wanted it to. So when I pulled it off, usually took it all off. I think I got the one sitting on the shelf for weeks.
This card is all applique designs, but you can skip the applique steps if you want to. This card has half the designs of another Brother card called "Best Pals." The "Best Pals" card can be found for under $99, so if you want to most designs possible, it might be a better buy.
I bought this to put on a glass hurricane vase for a memorial candle. It was NOT clear at all, but more like a fuzzy, hazy translucent white. I put the sticker on the candle itself (being white), and it loooks great. My biggest problem is (and the reason I only gave 2 stars)that it is stated as clear, and it is most certainly not. Other than that, it does do it's assigned purpose, but I would only use this on white items so it blends without being obvious.
I purchased this just a few days ago. EZSell got it to me really fast and in good shape. However I have some problems with this product. It seems that either my acids were old out of the box, or they were terribly mislabeled.The acids should get stronger as you go up in karat. The 10K acid had no effect on marked 14K - this is correct. the 14K acid bubbled and emmitted a brown cloud over the jewelry. This would indicate that it was mismarked, and lower than 14k gold. I pressed on. the 18K acid only had a mild effect. This would indicate that the bracelet was infact 18k gold, even though it was only marked 14k and the 14k test and said it was even less than that!. Ok finally I tried the 22k acid. I got a pretty big effect and color change After repeatedly comparing I determined that the 14k acid was stronger than the 22k acid.So this means Only the 10K acid was properly labeled. The 14k acid was actually 22k strength. The 18k acid was actually 14k. And finally the Acid labeled 22k is actually the 18k acid.Once I figured that out the kit worked fine. The silver solution worked as it should. I don't have any platinum to test. Next time I'll buy one of the kits with white tops. Stay away from the colored tops. If they couldn't get the acids in the right bottles, how well did they measure the acid mixture?
My craft store was out of this yarn, and I needed more to finish a baby blanket. It is so soft, and fluffy.
I got the set as a gift and was excited to try it out. Unfortunately the extra broad nib was cracked and leaked all over. All but one of the nibs leaked ink unto the barrel staining my fingers. I liked the variety of colors, the pump, and the instruction manual though.
Well first off the little instructions that came with the foot are LACKING, and than the foot its self was kind of dissapointing, it doesnt put much tension on the elastic so you still need to put gentle tension on the elastic. I have decided to make a casing for elastic instead of using the foot whenever possible but its better than a zig zag.
I purchased this machine for light craft sewing and thought it would be fine. It is the worst machine I have ever used. I threaded everything properly, high quality thread, etc. The bottom stiches look like there is something wrong with the tension. You can only adjust the top tension, not the bottom. I adjusted to all possible positions, but no luck. I took the machine to a local dealer and he checked it and said I am doing everything right, it is just a bad machine. Furthermore, I had a problem with another household appliance purchased from Amazon, which the manufacturer replaced with one that worked. So, I am beginning to think that the products available for such great prices on Amazon are knock offs, or rejects. I will not purchase another piece of equipment this way.
This machine has been nothing but a headache from the day it came out of the box. Defective out of the box and has had chronic issues with the tension set up. It isn't capable of sewing an entire project without ending up in the repair shop. Singer refused to stand behind their product.
Nice machine. Just what we were looking for. Received it very quickly. Great service.Thanx
I can't praise this machine enough! It has so many wonderful and thoughtful features; no feet feed, super thread cutter; the ease of choosing from the many stitches and/or lengths; light weight and easy to carry, attached tools; etc, etc. The list just goes on and on! The case does not attach but has an indention that fits the machine and so it can be carried as if it did attach. I found that my old Montgomery Wards sewing machine bobbins will fit and work great with this versatile machine because they are the same size. That was just an additional bonus. This is just a little jewel that makes sewing fun and I love it!
The biggest problem I have with this paint is it's chalky look after it dries on canvas. It doesn't have the quality of acrylic. At least it's a good pink. Thought it would be a tad darker though:(
The color cup itself works well but I wish there was a statement that it did not include a cover. I would not suggest using it without the cover due to the risk of paint spillage. Overall works as advertised and fit is correct for Anthem 155.
This latch hook is not made the best, the little lever that pulls the yarn through broke after about a week. The ones with the wooden handle are made MUCH better..
Ironically, this glue was intended to be used for shipping labels just like those generated for printing by amazon check out.While I found some stuff I really liked about these sticks, the stuff I don't like in fact the critical dislike, far outweighs the positives.Positives:a) No smell, no flavour, no mess (yes, I sniffed and licked and rubbed the glue stick).b) relatively easy to useNegatives:1) Weak adhesive power, even if both sides daubed (but see note below)2) invisible when applied so difficult to see how much has gone on (might be useful to use the purple disappearing glue but see note above)I changed to this style of glue from traditional elmer's because the latter is a bit messy at times but it sure does stick well.I will use these sticks up, along with scotch tape to ensure the labels stay, but switch to something else asap.I would like to find some rice glue with a brush applicator and will go a searching right here on amazon presently.
The cutting pliers broke the entire side off the first time I tried to use them. Nice handles and feel, too bad they are made from such poor quality steel!
Purchased as gift for Graduate Student in Metal Arts. On first attempt to use cutting a very narrow gauge memory wire commonly used in jewelry making the cutting edges of the tool were damaged after making only 2 cuts. There was a nick in the cutter edge where cuts were made. Called Tronex who advised that these cutters can only be used on very softest of wire materials such as silver. Tronex advised to ship cutters back and they would attempt to repair. Upon receipt they advised that cutters were not repairable and replaced with another pair that was cosmetically unsaleable as new product.Buyers should beware that cutters are only designed for very soft metal wires. This needs to be highlighted and spelled out more clearly in product description. My sense was that this was not the first call Tronex had received on this issue. For $50 a pair I expected a better range of performance from this product.I believe Tronex makes a good product and did stand by their product. If you buy this Model 7223 be aware of it's limitations.
This product is very good. I have bought other brands and I am most satisfied with the Epson brand.You don't have to wait for the pictures to dry and the pictures come out very clear.
This is the first serger I have ever used. I was afraid to thread it but the accompanying dvd and written directions made it easy. I've swapped out the thread and the needles multiple times with very little effort except threading the needles due to space limitations for your hands, but there are tools for that which I am considering. Some of the manual is incorrect but it's easy enough to figure out what they are trying to say. It's a nice compact size so I can have it on the same table as my sewing machine and switch between them easily.
Bought this as a gift for 18 month old daughter; Unlike other toys I think she'll enjoy this easel for years to come. 3 ways to draw - crayon, chalk or pen (minus 1 star for not including any in the box). Nice design integrates roll of paper.
This ruler is a difficult size to find. It was just perfect for my purposes. Size was very accurate, non-slip feature is great!
Beautiful stocking and great, complete instructions. Ran out of white sequins and seed beads, though. I found it very enjoyable to make!
WORKS GREAT!I DONT KNOW HOW YOU COULD BE WITH OUT THIS WHILE USING THE CRICUT! MAKES THINGS COME RIGHT OFF THE STICKY PAD!
Melissa & Doug Origami Paper (6"x6")Melissa & Doug Origami Paper (6"x6")Two fine descriptions for the same product? On sale at 2 cents difference. Neither say how many sheets of paper, but one offers an 8 oz package of paper, with a shipping weight of 6.6 oz, the other a 1 pound package, with a shipping weight of 15 pounds. There is some serious shipping magic going on in both cases. One is classed as paper, the other as paint. Perhaps the Holiday rush got to the writing staff.I would like to know how many pieces of paper of what size and what weight. Seems simple, right? It is, after all, just paper.Or is it????
By looking at the picture, I assumed there were more colors, and larger sizes, but I was wrong, and can't use them for what I had in mind.
Pro: I love having all the different sizes. The large needles make for very quick knits.Con: These needles are not very smooth and the smaller sizes are a bit flimsy.These are very cheap. I guess you get what you pay for. Overall I'm very happy with this purchase.
winton oil paints are thick, dense, and fine. Having compared to other brands I find I prefer these oil paints
For what they are, and the price, then I guess they are worth it. But don't give them as a gift, or expect them to impress.
I knew this product was a good one before i ordered it. I had it shipped next day, but that was on a friday. It arrived the following tuesday. I dont know what else to say. Yes, i was satisfied with the service.
I look at the price now and can't believe I spent that much on it. However, it was money well spent. I use this product to preserve my children's artwork and schoolwork, any letters they write me and newspaper clippings. I have not tried the sticker cartridge or the magnet cartridge, just the laminating cartridge. It does the job beautifully, and I'm glad I have the option of using it to make so many other things with just a quick change of the cartridge.The Xyron 900 is easy to use. Just place the paper and turn the handle. There is a cutter on the other side to cut the laminated product to size. It is a removable cutter, so I can take it out and use it for other purposes, as well, or even to cut the sides of the laminate piece off.This is a terrific way to preserve memories. I'm glad I bought it.
You need to try this paper if you've used "E" surface paper before. Even on a inexpensive printer the results were amazing. You can imagine the results I get on my Epson 3800.Thanks Epson!Greg AmmonsAmmons Portrait StudioPendleton, S.C. 29670
My ten year old daughter bought this for herself with her birthday money and has had a VERY difficult time with it. Every time she gets it threaded, within minutes it is no longer working properly and she has to rethread the entire machine. We are taking it to a sewing shop for a review but are thinking of returning it as defective merchandise.
It's a useful product with fraudulent specifications as other reviewers have already noticed. It magnifies exactly like a Bausch&Lomb loupe rated at 10X that I also own.
I purchased this product because i have a bunch of 8.5x11 photo prints and this album was the only one that I could find to display them. The only drawback was that the album came initially with only 10 inserts (20 pages) counting front and back)and so limited the number of photos I could display.No problem I thought so when I purchased the album, I also purchased a set of additional pages and the post extensions you need to fit them in. Imagine my disappointment when I tried to unscrew the caps from the initial posts and found that they turned and turned but would not unscrew. Not easily discouraged, I tried for hours and hours but still no luck.And when I complained to the sellers of the album, my complaint was ignored. So sorry but this purchase was a bust!Pioneer 11 3/8-Inch by 11 3/4-Inch Postbound Deluxe Boxed Leatherette Magnetic Album, Black
instructions a little weak. trial and error to get it to work.will not work when attaching buttons to heavier material, shorts, jeans. works OK on shirts
I used 12 of the pins to secure a bed ruffle. I put pieces of felt on the box spring first to help prevent the pins from tearing the fabric. We then turned the mattress end-for-end and the bed ruffle stayed in position perfectly. There are enough pins to do another bed. I give them 4 instead of 5 stars only because of the price - $8 is ridiculous for a box of pins.
The picture of this roll of Art Kraft Paper was different than what I received. I was expecting a brighter, lighter green. We already have 6 rolls of the color we received. This paper does us no good!
My 4-yr old daughter loves to draw so this was perfect for her. I have one suggestion that would make it better. It would be nice to have a tray in front to hold art supplies instead of just a flat bar. It would make it more functional. The crayons roll off the bar.
I recently started a project that required an upholstery needle (12") to attach a button for that 'tufted' pillow look. Let's just say, it didn't go well. These needles are tragically dull and unable to pass through muslin or quilting cotton (which is an impressive failure). With quite a bit of force, and bending the needle in the process, I finally got the needle through, but it just wasn't up to the job in the long run.Maybe I just don't understand upholstery needles, but I was disappointed with these. I don't think I'll be going to these for further upholstery projects.Needless to say, I love every other Dritz product I own.
This machine is BRAND NEW but even with the manual, I cannot find out why the sewing machine will sew part of the button hole and not the rest of it! I have been sewing with Singers for over 30 years--was excited about the one-step buttonhole feature on this. I can't find a help number, called a local sewing machine repair shop only to be told that they don't help with machines they don't sell. Be careful buying a machine online!!! Just not impressed with the level of service after the sale on this item.
My daughter likes this - anything horse themed she loves. Discovered, however, that it doesn't wash as well as claimed. She only drew on it once..I washed it as directed & most of the color remained. She still plays with it, so as long as she does I guess it's an OK toy.
I purchased these for my classroom. They cling well for short periods of time, a day or so. These sheets tear easily making it difficult to detach them from the pad. They are reusable. However, the natural indentations from writing and left over marks make reading from the back of the classroom difficult. You cannot reuse more than three or four times. Overall a decent product but very expensive when you look at how often you have to switch to the next sheet. I found some other stuff that comes in a roll, stays up because it's sticky and easily costs pennies in comparison.
I bought this at Target yesterday because it was on sale for $99.00 and after a looking at all the other sewing machines this one looked like it would simple enough for me to use. I am a beginner and know nothing about sewing but I'm very good at following directions and reading intstructions. I took it home and took it out of the box it was a beautiful sturdy machine or so I thought. Beautiful yes Sturdy no.I tried thread the needle and was having one hell of a time threading it. You really need very good eye sight. Tried letting the machine do it as the book instructed .. it didn't work. Ok so.... Once I got the thread thru the needle and the bobbin dones as well I decided to take it for a whirl and start sewing.Well both threads got all bunched up. My fault I said must've done something wrong. So I tried again .... once again thread got all bunch up... so I decided to take out the bobbin ( maybe I didnt have it counterclock wise ..when I took out the bobbin the metal parts from where I took out the bobbin came out as well.. I don't know why??? I didn't force out the bobbin!!!So I said Oh to hell with this... I'm not even going to attempt to play mechanic and figure out how those pieces go back together so I closed the lid, placed back in the box and will be returning it to Target and explained to them what happened and get a full refund.I'll probably get a cheaper one that I can learn on. I mean I really thought that this one would be great for a beginner like me seeing that I didn't want one with any bells and whistles but I gotta say I was disappointed.Oh welll.... maybe with my next sewing machine I'll have better luck!!!
WORKS VERY POORLY WILL NOT PUNCH THRU BELTS.HAS NO INSTRUCTIONS WITH IT.SCREW WILL NOT GO BACK IN PLACE ONCE REMOVED.
This was a gift for my grandson who is a graffiti artist. i did not realize this was considered an "accepted" form of art until researching this subject and was quite surprised.A High School approved and used my grandson's artwork on the side of a building, I am proud of him for that. I ordered this to go with his Prismacolor markers, sketch books also a gift. I am hoping this gift helps to spur his art and dreams.What amazed me about this is , it was not an Amazon 'quick ship' item and this wonderful company got it to him in two days for Christmas without charging additional shipping. A big "thank you" to them. I was not expecting delivery for 10 days and was so surprised it made it for Christmas. It made it extra nice he received all his gifts at the same time. If you buy Markers I found it is important to buy this blender marker as well.Mediocracy is so rampant these days so it is refreshing to see someone go out of their way in doing their job. Again, thank you for going beyond the call of duty.
Despite the other reviews I've seen for this machine, I bought it at the Target I work at about 6 months ago. I used it making a costume made of heavy gauge vinyl that by all rights should of killed a cheaper machine like this, but it goes thru like a champ. I recently got a walking foot attachment(not sure if mine was just missing it or it wasn't included) and it helps doing the seams on the thick vinyl that likes to slip in the feed dogs. The freearm mode makes sleeves a breeze, and the only time I really broke needles was forcing them thru 4 layers of thick material. I also had no problems with the bobbins, maybe it was round wrong? I will agree the manual for this thing is pretty crappy. Other than that, this machine sews like a champ and goes thru stuff even the pfaff(spelling?) I've used at a customer's house wouldn't touch. All in all, a cosplayers dream.
The book was very informative and easy to understand. I liked that the authors encouraged the readers to use their own imagination when choosing a photo. I also liked that they gave tips on how to chose the fabric.
Does the job. Get this if you want a cheap hole puncher. needed it for sheet music which doesn't have holes so i can put music in binder.
These are just what I was looking for. Just as good if not better that the others on the internet.
I was expecting about twice the size. I just didn't check close enough before ordering.It will work for what I'm doing.
I was slightly disappointed by the contents of this purchase, online it looks bigger or alot more stuff. I am still happy with it because i will use it but not as i would have hoped..
I recently bought this item and am a little disappointed with it. I've used it only once and already one blade is broken and I haven't had time to enjoy using it.Can anyone tell me where i can get replacement blades please. I think I might need to buy a few.
this paper was recommended to me to use on my new epson printer, i wasn't extremely impressed with the product results had better results from a different vender.
I bought this to replace a Brother machine that failed after 15 years. This machine's embroidery is superior to my old machine. More stitches and the stitches are rendered better. The action is smooth (but it's the noisiest machine I've ever had). I was pleasantly surprised with the construction of the machine, I was expecting cheap construction for such an inexpensive machine.There are a few bad features. The machine is not very responsive to the presser foot. I'm used to a machine stopping and starting directly with the presser foot. This machine goes a few stitches after the pressure is completely off the foot. And the needle always returns to the up position, so every time you need to turn a corner or do something where the needle must be down, you have to manually crank it a half stitch. The 'reverse' button is in a awkward place and there is a really annoying 'needle threader' that hangs directly to the right of the needle. This can't be removed or moved off to the side, so it just hangs in your way. It would have been a much better design to just include a cheap little threader in the storage box for the people who can't thread a needle by hand.
Although these are great scissors and they cut easily, I have to say that they aren't the best I've used. I much prefer the Scotch "Precision" scissors; THOSE are some seriously amazing scissors that will cut through ANYTHING and still stay sharp.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001BKHHGS/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titleThat being said, if you are set on these I must say that they have some advantages. First off, the blade is shorter, so if you are looking for more of a snips type of scissors, this works great. Personally, I like a longer blade that you can use as a snips or that works great for cutting a sheet of wrapping paper. The handle is very ergonomic and comfortable, but again, doesn't compare to the Scotch one (which is more cozy!). They cut well but they have their limits; they won't cut through everything easily; but they do the job for a typical job.If it wasn't for the fact that I was offered the Scotch scissors first and had fallen in love with them, I would probably be ranting about these. But they really can't compare.
I purchased 3 or 4 items from Melissa & Doug for the first time and was quite surprised when my 7 year old granddaughtertold me she loved the stamps but that the stamp pad (both sides) were dry and had no ink for her stamps! I felt so sadto see my granddaughter so disappointed because this was the bigger, nicer stamp set (I ordered two). I have an aircaston my right leg but now am left with the task of finding ink for my granddaughter. On the brighter side, she loved thecollection of 700 Stickers I also bought! Hopefully "Melissa & Doug" will remedy this situation upon reading this post.I hope so since I have been unemployed so long my unemployment ran out (I reside in Hawaii).Melissa & Doug Friendship Stamp Set
Purchased these as a xmas gift for toddler who is always asking for stamps to play with at home. I know she will love these. Great find and Great buy.
I was very pleased with the weight and the difference of texture on each side. Suitable for a workshop project on glass.
This yarn is soft, but strong and because of the larger size, it's super fast to work with. The strands stay together really well, unlike some yarns where you find yourself catching/snagging on half the strand or in places that you don't want to be. One review mentioned a glittery string, and I think that may only be in a few select colors, as mine didn't have that and many of the colors I've seen in stores didn't either. Love it, great for making hats and stuff like that. As one review said, it is probably cheaper to drive to the store and buy it though, if you can find it there.
I've had the Buddha Board for years and it's a great tool for relaxation and creativity. My recent purchase was for a birthday gift; my friend loved it and now her dad wants one, too!
I was pleased with the quality of this paper. I did find it strange that it was awfully difficult to find frames that were a size 13x19, so don't just assume that because Epson sells the paper in that size that there are lots of frame choices. I went to at least 3-4 major retailers before I finally found a frame in this size.
I liked the sleek, solid tin and the assortment of colors but I should have heeded the reviews who noted the colors didn't transfer well.If you are using these paints and want bold/dark colors, you either have to paint a layer, let dry, then paint again and add layers (which can destroy the paper) or seriously SCRUB the paintbrush onto the cake of watercolor (which will instantly destroy the tip of most paint brushes).Struck with a recent, sudden urge to watercolor (blame it on a gift of thePentel Arts Aquash Water Brush, (FRHMBP)- it makes watercoloring just as easy & clean as using pens or markers) I'd picked upCrayola Washable Watercolorsat a big box store and a few days later ordered this Art Alternatives set, hoping they'd be quality suitable for a bit more serious art. They weren't- I keep finding myself going back to the crayolas and only using this set to retint the crayola primary colors that aren't quite true primaries.Bottom line: if the depth of color and ease of use is less than a children's set of watercolors, and the price is exponentially more, this is a product to PASS on.
I love it!! It's spacious and large. It fits my Kenmore perfectly along with enough room for fabric and all the tools. The bag is sturdy and a great value. Highly recommend it!
As the title states... A cardboard tube would be better at the job than this cheaply made item you see here. I bought it and as soon as the mail carrier delivered the "artists tube", I saw and felt the VERY poor quality of it and sent it packing. I would never recommend anyone to buy this product!Sturdy Telescoping Artists Tube
Although this product was listed as a 17 inch hoop they mailed me a 12 inch hoop. Be cautious when ordering this item!
I bought this product for my aunt. She loves it. It came early enough for Christmas. It is perfect for people who love candles and love to be creative. I highly recommend this product. It came exactly as described.
I bought this as a gift for an elderly woman. I guess the recipiant likes it. She hasn't complained to me.
This product is so thick, I can't even get it out of the bottle! Not sure if it's dried up or what's wrong with it, but not usable.
Works perfect and so far better than the ones that came on the shorts. It took less than 5 min to fix 3 pairs of shorts that would have gone to the trash.
I am not a heavy user but still need it for a few day to day fixesFor the price we paid and feature we got , it definately worth it
I received this machine for a Christmas present in 2005. From then until late 2011, I have used the machine occasionally to work on light sewing projects and repairs. I haven't had any issues with jams or threading issues, but my machine recently came to a screeching halt while working on some Roman shades.I assumed it needed a thorough oiling. The manuals specify only one oiling point - in the bobbin case. None of the rest of the machine is meant to be oiled by the owner. I spent an hour trying to find ways of removing the covers to get into it, and was only partially successful at that.I oiled every joint in the machine that I could access. However, the mechanism still did not loosen up. It apparently has sealed joints that are not serviceable.I took the machine to a local repair shop. The repair person told me that the machine was not worth repairing. He said that these machines are low end and designed for a dozen or so sewing projects before they break and need replacing. He said that Singer has been through several changes over the years that have resulted in very degraded quality and mass-market machines being produced and sold.I learned from this that I am far better off with my old Nelco machine from the 1960s which has all-metal parts and is very serviceable.
Just what I wanted, when I wanted it , without having to drive around the world to get it. Cuts great.
It sometimes jams. Is easy to get dirty, hard and a bit delicate to clean. Container is under it, so it means you need at least 1/4 of it to work easily, and still it sometimes does blotches on your work, which is completely unacceptable.
Rotary cutter is one of my favorite sewing tools, and I use it a lot. I also use it to cut paper, and trim photographs. A fresh blade makes cutting so much easier! One pack of rotary blades and a sharpening toolRotary Blade Sharpener- For 45mm Bladeswill probably be last you a long long time!Once I notice that a rotary blade is leaving one or two threads uncut I put it in the sharpener, and give it a few twists. First on the coarse side, then on the fine side. This really works! It works especially well if you don't wait until the blade becomes really dull. It helped me save money and have one pack of rotary blades last a long time.
I bought these for my 3 yr old granddaughter. She became very frustrated and wouldn't use them any more. In trying to convince her to try again, I picked them up in an attempt to show her how to use them. They were hard for ME to use! They are awkward, clumsy and difficult. Very disappointed, was counting on the Fiskars name to give me a quality pair of first scissors for my little one. Still looking...
this paper is thin and somewhat see-through... and a lighter color than the picture shows.
Looks a bit like wallpaper. There is gold running through it that I wasn't very thrilled about.
This paper is NOT magenta. It is downright PURPLE! Not AT ALL the color I was looking for. Also the paper was not the soft &#34;construction paper&#34; texture I expected, but I leave that as my fault.
I wanted a pearly white for an accent on a painting. This was perfect. I was thinking that I could use it like an oil pastel---but had to use a brush
I bought Incredible yarn-Autumn leaves, the color shades are wonderful. I used it to make a topper from a book called "amazing crochet lace" its really beautiful.
This is by far the best tracing material for patterns I have ever used. It is easier to work with it than tradicional tracing paper as it is sturdier and as it is sewable, newbies like me can sew the whole garment and wear it in order to make adjustments or simply test whether we choose the right size.
For such a small item, it's a little over priced but it is sure handy when trying to quickly write out a new chord for your music. I've used it often and just keep it in my music gear bag inside a small plastic baggie for quick access.
I totally agree with the negative reviewers...yessiree, five years since I have purchased these scissors and I am still bummed that they actually made excursions into the world of scissors more difficult for everyone in general. And think about it- did you ever meet a kid in elementary school missing the tips of his fingers? I have never witnessed one scissors accident involving kids (read: kids) in my entire lifetime, nor have heard urban myth/horror rumors detailing the bloody experiences of scissors and sniffly preschoolers. Hey, it comes naturally anyway...my 3.99 year old has been cutting by herself with hobbit-sized, tot-geared, "regular" Fiskars scissors for about a year and a half now, sans hovering directional guidance due to the fact that I was just too busy and weary to offer said guidance. Yes, closing the maw of this resisting cutting instrument is futile, however, resisting this purchase is not futile.
The description for this product clearly states "two 54 inch panels". This is not what was shipped. The package has two 27-inch panels for a total window coverage of 54-inches. I will now have to order a second set to provide the necessary coverage, making these a more expensive option and a bigger hassle!
I was excited about this machine after reading some great reviews. It worked as I expected, not great with heavy materials but I wasn't expecting it to anyways. Great little machine but somehow the thread keeps catching on the rotating inner arm.... no where near where the thread is it is almost like the tension wheel is giving out and the thread is bouncing and catching or something. I have adjusted the tension etc and no luck. when it catches you cannot even move the needle. You have to unscrew the front plate of the machine and sit there with tweezers and a stitch ripper trying to pick the thread out and it is VERY time consuming. I was not very impressed to say the least. I will be taking mine back and getting a different machine as this is too much of a hassle and I have read that other people are having the same problem. Just a heads up.
Very nice frame for the price. Simple yet elegant. Just know it is for desk-top only, no wall mounts and would probably be hard to add one.
This machine is really cheaply made. The price speaks for itself. If I had a second chance, I'd use the $30 on this to put in towards a $100 machine or more. No matter what kind of thread you put in the machine, it keeps getting snagged every time you sow. Does NOT sow jeans fabric well, sometimes not even at all!!! And it keeps getting stuck with even the most simple pieces of fabric.Don't buy this machine.
Purchased this to store larger family pictures. It will hold 48 pics, and right now that is plenty. I like how it is acid free and shouldn't damage my photos. However, I was hoping the cover was more hardcover. It is bendable. It reminds me of a 3 ring binder material. It won't stand on its own and if I lay it down, I'll need to lay it flat as it will bend and warp the pictures. The pages are thin and seems not very durable for frequent use, however I am only speculating at this point. For just storing pictures I think it will be fine. Also there is no zipper or other way to keep it closed. Again for what I'm using it for it shouldn't matter but it might be a nice feature to make sure things don't fall out or dust gets in. For the price I feel it is good quality and will fit my needs.
This kit did not come with any instructions how to use the pieces, apparently they expect only jewelers to order them. Needs to be more DIY friendly!
I got this toy to work, you have to set the needle deep into the fabric to get it to hold the fabrics together. Maybe they improved it after all the complaints the past few years? The stitches it makes are pretty loose and come apart easily if you don't have the tension just right. Don't count on it to make anything too sturdy, it really is only good for a toy for a beginner who just wants the satisfaction of sewing a line or two pieces of fabric together. So far, that's all my daughter wants, so it's okay by me.
Thanks for the Ghost in the Shell patch. My son-in-law loved it. Thanks for getting it here on time for his birthday! I appreciate it.
A very easy to use trimmer. The paper creasing attachment is a great add on.
This cutter is best used with the circle cutter guide and a mat. The guide would help position the circle cut around the image and help the user choose the correct size. The mat is essential to not ruin the surface you are working on.This circle cutter is great for making perfect circles. Sometimes, I need to be careful to make sure the blade cuts all the way around, and also that I am apply appropriate pressure on the center so that the paper and the cutter don't move off center.I feel sometimes it is a bit cumbersome and that some other circle cutters would be easier to use, but it does its job and I get the circles I want. I do like that the circles can be adjusted to an infinite number of sizes between 1 and 8 inches across.This a nice buy. Just make sure to buy a mat and you may need the circle guide.UPDATE: One commenter has made a good point that I should detail what products I refer to. The circle guide you'd need isFiskars Circle Cutter Guide, and any self healing mat woud do but one example is Self Healing Green Cutting Mat 24 x 36 inches. They will help you make full use of the Fiskars Circle Cutter.
I used this paper to cover my walls as a base on which to paint fluorescent paint for a Halloween blacklight party. This paper was WELL worth the price! Less than 30 dollars (about as much as I paid for the PAINT!) and I was able to cover the entire room and then some. This paper was extremely durable; it did not rip easily and provided a smooth painting surface. Plus, the roll shipped EXTREMELY early!
While this is easy to cut with scissors and works, I found that I had to be very careful as it bends/distorts quite easily- it's rather fragile, not terribly durable, and possibly better for smaller pieces or temporary use only.
I was disappointed with performance of this item as it didn't fully make the shape punch sharply. I ended up with shredded paper. I returned the item, only to receive another puch maker that didn't work either. I returned both items and am still awaiting for proper credit to my account. Overall, I am terribly unsatisfied.
I like this machine and all its functions but the thread was always getting snagged. Also the instructions do not explain that when threading the thread there is a location (the long slit on the picture running from the top to the bottom) where the thread has to be hooked onto a very small unnoticable hook. If you don't mind stopping and fixing these problems every couple of minutes than your fine.
My husband loves this! Still need to get a venting hose before use. &#128515; &#128515; &#128515; &#128515; &#128515; &#128515; &#128515;
very tricky to use and does not have a firm grip on the button. It will take more than 2 hands to use the device.
not really sure how you can like or dislike it or how i can write a review about it ..it is just your basic origami paper.
My 3 year old and all of her friends are really into making crafty things using glitter glue. This is a great deal--worth the price and good quality, easy to use.
The brushes were ok but the largest shed badly and was more trouble than it was worth to use.So I would not recommend this set
Im really amazed i ordered this yesterday and it came wow Thanks amazon! it came in great shape and everything now i cant wait for my whipple cream and shot glasses/minni cups to come :D
I guess I should have paid attention to the size, because it was smaller than I expected, but very nice and appreciated by my daughter.
These shears have a very comfortable handle, and the blades cut well. I found them a bit difficult to use on heavy flannel until I loosened the screw holding them together to make them easier to use. I was having a struggle with their cutting on this heavy flannel, but they did a nice job afterwards.
Great product; would be nice if it combined the paper with ink, an all-in-one. But a good value as is.
I have had Singer machines for the past 50 years and was a bit apprehensive to buy a Brothers. I love it. It is easy to use if you just take your time and read the instructions. The stitches are beautiful. You really can not use cheap thread. I love trying all the new features. Highly recommended.
Is to be a Christmas gift to my brother's two "dog children"! Cannot wait to see him use it - it is a happy thing!
Description title says that they are mylar framers corners but they are not, instead I was sent polyester framers corners.
I really wish I hadn't bought two boxes of this. It's pretty, but the glossy surface and thickness make it impossible to fold delicately. It's too hard for kids and too frustrating for adults.I've never seen glossy origami paper before. This is probably why.
I purchased this item, because I was looking for a puncher that allows to precisely position and cutout circles with printed elements. Receiving it I liked the design and the way it is handled like pliers/scissors rather than the trandition punchers, that one operates with the thumb. Though I was already worried about the durabilty of the tool, due to the very flexible and weak plastic handles, I appreciated that the punch itself was at least made out of cast iron. After around some 40-50 punches the tool broke. I opened it up and realized that the mechanism transforming the rotational movement of the handles into the translational movement of the puncher uses thin plastic guiders that broke due to the "intense" usage of 40 punches.This could be easily fixed by slightly changing the design and casting the guiders to the frame instead of using the outer plastic casing for guidance. I called up Fiskars hotline and filed a complaint. They sent me a replacement tool at no cost, which I have to point out as good customer service (earning them a second STAR), though the deficit of the device is still present. This tool is not the type of quality that I expect from Fiskars. Unfortunately unless one wants to punch the very thin "Chinese style" paper and only use the puncher about 10 times, I do not recommend this tool.
We got this for our daughter for Christmas 2011 and she was so excited, loves stamps but we went to use it and the ink doesn't even come out on the stamp!
Don't waste your money or space in the landfill! It's flimsy and doesn't work. I tried to use it to sew and it got stuck right away, ruined the fabric. I wish I could give it no stars, but it won't let me.
I have Vista on my computer and this product was not compatible with Vista so I did not get to try it
When i recieved my order it was broken, way beyond. It was in little tiny peices. Didnt even get to use it, Want my money back.
This is very cool. I got this for my daughter who wanted to know how these were made. A fun little project with a very cool outcome.
This item had many good reviews, so I decided to purchase. I am disappointed, however, with the lack of ability that this so called "leather" hole punch delivers.If you are attempting to puncture through a cheap leather belt, or something of the sort, then by all means, this is the choice for you. If you are like me, though, and need something to go through quality leather, then keep looking.
These are okay, but the ink definitely isn't as great as I thought it would be. It looks very thin and isn't as bright as I was expecting. Still a lot of fun though.
I have to amend my previous 5-star review on this machine. I jumped the gun thinking that it was going to last me...wrong. I've had the machine for nearly two years, but do not use it all that regularly. I completed many projects on it when I first started using it, but in time found that my problems with it started to occur more frequently.To the defense of the machine, I've put quite a few miles on it with basic repairs and several projects (My guess would be I've done about 75+ things on here from basic pants-hemming to quilts) . Through most of the projects, I had few problems with the machine itself. These were the days when it was a five-star machine and I was learning the ropes of sewing. Now that I'm picking up sewing again, I'm finding this thing to be a complete nightmare. As I've seen other people mention, the thread tension is a HUGE problem. I get puckering of the thread on the underside when I used certain threads. I can sit there and fiddle with the thread tension or the bobbin tension all day and nothing helps. It seems to happen more frequently with Guterman thread, but not the cheapy Coats and Clark stuff. Rather disappointing. I also have a lot of issues with jamming up, and creating huge, tangled messes on the things I'm sewing. Honestly, these days, my seam ripper is seeing as much action as this machine.I've been researching the cost to have basic machine servicing and it looks like it might cost close to, if not slightly more than it would be to buy this machine new! Ugh.Word of advice...if you're wanting a machine to do a few basic repairs on or small, basic projects from time to time, then this machine should work just fine for you. If you're looking to sew as more of a hobby or producing things fairly regularly, then you're going to have to put more money into a machine. I'm already looking for a replacement for this machine, unfortunately. I'm just tired of fiddling around with it to try to get it to work properly and am hesitant to put money into servicing it if it's not going to fix the problems anyway (based on what I've researched it sounds like it won't).
These frames were cheap (my favorite quality) but worked great for my needs. They are sturdy and hang nicely. I would recommend these frames if this is what you're looking for.
I purchased this machine as nowhere in South Africa could i get a machine at this price that can do as much as this one can. I was a bit worried after reading some of the negative reviews. But i got my machine, i purchased a step-down transformer to bring the voltage down and its working perfectly. I've already made a complete summer dress with smock detail and a skirt and both turned out perfectly.I do have to say allot of the parts are plastic unlike on older machines. But i see no reason why it should not last me at least a couple of years if i treat it with care.I found threading the machine so easy it's amazing, not to mention the start stop button and speed control and all the different stitches with the push of a button. I enjoyed making clothes again and without the back pain!
The only complaint I have about this 2 hole puncher is that it punches to close to the edge of the paper. It does not leave enough space between the hole and the edge of the paper so it easily rips making it impossible to keep papers secure in our files.
These are hard pages to find so was really happy to locate them through Amazon. Haven't worked much w/them yet so hope they are as good as they look!
I just received this tote and I immediately fell in love with it. My mother in law highly recommended it and she's a crafting pro. I don't regret the money well spent on it. So many pockets and storage seperators. Gosh I believe this tote alone made me more excited to continue on my scrapbooking path =0) Now I can roll all my junk around the house and not feel locked down to one room. This is a wonderful product...I love it!!!!!
I collect nutcrackers. The gold finish on one of my nutcrackers has started to chip off. I asked at the art department at the local college what I could use to repair the gold finish. I was told to use a rub on gold paint. It would repair the finish and give it a professional look.I searched the Internet for this product and am thoroughly happy with it. It did exactly what it said it would do, and my nutcracker looks brand new. I put a small amount on my finger tip and applied it to the damaged area -- after a light sanding. A gentle buffing when it was dry created the satiny finish I wanted. It was easy to use and cleaned up in a jiffy. No mess, no smell. It can also be applied with a brush in intricate designs or small spaces.This is an easy product to recommend. Perfect for a crafter or artist.
I read the reviews and watched several demos on this product. I bought it thinking it was a good buy and the negative feedbacks were just unlucky, few & far between....well, I get to join those ranks. I have looked at the bobbin assembly, threaded & re-threaded several times, upper & bobbin alike. I waited several minutes on the phone for customer service "Judy" to answer then take my information and ask a few "survey" questions as she has several others then be less than helpful with a sorry about your luck, better you than me attitude.Unfortunately I have recieved the E6 message several times and heard that dreaded grinding knocking motor sound as it comes to a halt. What I have found is that with the cover off and the lower bobbin out but the assembly in, where the plastic bobbin assembly meets the metal near the front just to the left of the " white circle/triangle" icons that line up, the UPPER thread catches when it circles. I have tried several times to sew a single layer, light weight, non stretch fabric with a T4 thread and the factory installed needle ("Judy" said that was all ok.) The bobbin thread was never part of the E6 (tangled thread) error and just pulled right out. The upper thread had to be coerced into allowing me to free it either by raising the needle and pulling, or just cutting because the tangle was so bad it wouldn't allow the needle to raise. This purchase was a NEW machine and I refuse to have it serviced, it should work like a dream.A little about me: I am new to sewing as a hobby. I recall sewing with mom and grandma as a small child, but nothing much aside from home economics (a stuffed bunny) after that. I have a Singer from the early 90's that works ok, but is a basic model, puckers the fabric as I quilt and has been known to have tension issues. I have a 1 year old and a 2 year old and little time to fiddle with faulty equipment as the majority of my sewing time is after they are in bed.Advise on purchasing this model: Be leary and expect the worse. If you recieve a good machine be happy, I hate being disapointed and that only makes the frustration worse as I try to figure out the problem. Good luck!
Despite it's claim that it has a no-drip tip; I'm here to tell you that this sucker drips. As long as a glue stick is in the chamber and the unit is on, it will drip and continue to do so until turned off and allowed to cool. Other than the aforementioned, I like it's duel temp feature and low price. Does not come with any glue sticks :(
Be aware, this paper is quite stiff--more like poster board. It works fine in my Canon MX9000Pro as this printer has a straight thru mode which doesn't require the paper to bend. You may have to experiment with the printer settings. I found "matte" to work OK not the "velvet art" setting Canon recommends. That said, it does allow excellent displayable art prints.
I wanted a 6 hole punch, thought adjustable would be great. Can't get the six hole to line up for my Day-Timer. Not a good thing.
Purchased this table and am returning it. The description says that the table is 36" high. It is not. It is barely 34 1/2" high.The table is a little flimsy but I can live with that because it does not get moved a lot. But at 5'7" I need the 36" height.If you are expecting a table that has the dimensions as described, do not buy the Sullivan Home Hobby Table made in China.Wished there was a table out there which is high enough and does not cost an arm and a leg.
I used this matte paper on both an Epson Workforce 630 printer and an HP Photosmart printer. I have to admit to being somewhat disappointed in the results, especially since this was an Epson paper used on an Epson recommended printer. The result just didn't impress me. They seemed sort of lifeless, and lacked that feature I refer to as 'punch'. The result was the same on the Photosmart printer. I will probably look for a different brand matte paper in the future, or the HP soft gloss photo paper I recommended in a different review.
This punch is offered in a familiar shape. Initially, it is very difficult to rotate the center ring on which the various punch tubes are located. It may get easier to use over time. Mechanism is stable, but it was difficult to punch heavy leather (3/32 in thick). If you have patience and a fair amount of grip strength, this is a good product,
I ordered this part for the window on my jeep wrangler TJ which it is supposed to fitI received the part and it is not the same shape or the same size
This is not as thick as cardstock I am used to. I can't actually use it for, you know, CARDS. It's too floppy.
I am new to embroidery and saw this product in a YouTube video. I have used it several times on various items and it works perfectly!
great product, i dont see why im required to put 19 words about this product. it's just great and that's all.
Trust the reviews - the idea is good, but its so ridiculously dull, it doesn't cut anything, not even a sheet of paper. I use it for saran-wrap, that's about all it can be used for. A normal knife or scissors work better
I bought this kit. It arrived quickly, and the price was right. The acid for 14K seems to work okay, no problem, the line on the stone does not disappear, so I know it is 14K. But the 10K acid will not work. It tests everything as being 10K, even costume jewelry I know is not, which is disappointing because you can't trust it. I don't know whether this is because the acid is mislabeled, old, or what. Has anybody else had this problem, or have a solution to it?
I needed this glo box to do some calligraphy while camping. First we had to take the box apart and tighten all the connections to even get it working. The light was dim at best. This is junk. Don't waste your money. I gave it to an 8 year old. Hopefully, she will be able to use it.
This is the sheerest tracing paper I've been able to find. For some reason I'm having a difficult time finding this brand in the stores so I hope I can always find it online. I am an artist and I use tracing paper to help with my sketching before I place it on the canvas and all other brands are difficult to use because they are cloudy or opaque. This one is the best because it is so clear.
I was optimistic about this sewing machine since it had so many great reviews, but upon receipt I was sorely disappointed. I am an intermediate to advanced sewer and have two sergers, but wanted a simple machine that could make a nice straight and zigzag stitch. I know how to properly thread and work a sewing machine and the Brother CS6000i was a tension nightmare from the first stitch. I'm assuming that the machine I received had been bumped and bruised being sent through USPS, or that all of these positive reviews are coming from beginner sewers that don't know the difference between a good and a bad sewing machine. The final straw was that the feeddogs on this machine were plastic! I sent this cheap pile of plastic p00p back to Amazon and all I was looking for was a good straight and zigzag stitch, which this machine could not perform. I'm giving this machine 2 stars only because it might be a cute gift for a 7 year old?
Great color, VERY black. That nice smooth texture you expect from Lily Sugar'n Cream yarn. I'll be making this into dishcloths for a friends' kitchen and it's the perfect blackest black. It was delivered in a box (rather than padded envelope), well padded (even though yarn probably doesn't need much!), with no dust or anything on product.
LOVE IT! We ordered this Kidkraft pink chenille chair for our daughter's first birthday. She loves it, loves to climb in and cuddle with her stuffed animals. The chair was shipped quickly and arrived in perfect condition. We chose to purchase the chair thru Amazon (Home and Living) because of this store's great reviews. We could have gotten it for less from other sellers, but their reviews were not great. We are totally pleased. We did take the rockers off (easily unscrew) for greater stability for our one-year-old. I highly recommend this product and this seller.
I ordered this product for my wife. She loves puzzles and likes to hold on to some. It holds well and drys fast. however when i got it. It was already opened and had dry glue down the side. But it was less the $5.
They arrived on time. Good price. I bought this product years ago and couldnt find it in the stores anywhere but was able to find it online. This product has changed since I bought it years ago. I still have some from when I bought the original and the comparison is no contest. This is no reflection on the company that I bought this from. The original thread I bought was a more superior quality and back then apparently was still made in the USA. Now its made in China and it has a shred quality about that it did not originally have. Had I known all that I probably would still have bought it but I would not have bought as much of it. Singer you need to go back to making this particular product in the USA.
I have been so happy with the simplicity but yet versatility of this little machine. Highly reccomend. even for beginners like me. Very light weight easy for transport to classes etc...
Careful! The box for this chair indicates it's for ages 5-8.Nowhere on the website does it state this is a TINY chair!
These are ok brushes for student artists like me. They dont shed, which is important. If you get serious, you might want to spend more.
Cold Heat Cordless Gun is ideal to work away from the base. However, I found it did not dispense enough glue fast enough for me to use. The glue hardened before the flowers were sufficiently glued to the wreath. Also, I had to squeeze and squueze and squeeze to force more glue out. For small jobs- it is OK. For production work or situations where you need a lot of glue- stay clear. It uses the mini sticks which melt very fast.
I purchase my belts wholesale without holes and use this very punch to add holes as needed. It's a godsend because before this punch I had to tie my belts in a knot at the front of my pants. This paid off when the ladies mistook my front bulge for something extra but made it really difficult to remove my pants pre-coitus.
I purchased this to work on cutting quilt templates and fabric. It is easy on the eyes and the grid lines, ruler etc help my work go faster. I used to use old magazines when cutting with an Exacto knife! Now I have a permanent place to work without ruining anything. I also will use it to trim photos etc. This turned out to be a useful size.
i am a demo person i use these alot i now have 4 pares of these two for work and two for home
Was very dissappointed with this product, the kids were excited to start using it and then we couldn't as the stamp pad was dry on opening. I tried to add some water and that didn't work as all we got was watery ink.
I purchased this item as a Christmas gift/stocking stuffer for a model car/plane/boat enthusiast on my gift list. I was torn between this item and the name brand Xacto knife kit, which cost more but looked very similar. Convinced that if I bought the Xacto knife kit, I'd be most likely paying more money for the name, I opted to purchase this cheaper kit instead. Well, the quality is definitely cheap! You can tell it just by looking at it! I only paid $4.95 for the kit...it will serve the purpose...however, in my opinion, it is NOT appropriate quality for gift-giving! Classic lesson...you get what you pay for.
Cute little wooden stamper set! The wooden stamps are very sturdy and perfect for little hands. Fun idea for kids to add designs to their construction paper creations.
I've had this machine more than 3 years now, and I'm telling you,I want to buy another machine, but am afraid to buy another Brother.The thread bunches up at the least inoportune times. It has a very hard time pulling fabric, especially,but not only, at the start. It's like the feeder mechanism is madetoo low in the machine, and can't get hold of the fabric. I do alot of pulling, trying to get the material going and staying goingunder the presser foot. It's a royal pain, I'm telling you, and I havesewn for many, many years. I've never had a machine that I had tocoax to work like this one. It breaks needles. When winding abobbin, if you don't hold something under the thread, it ends up beingwrapped around the bottom of the spindle, instead of on the bobbin itself.I get so mad when I have to unwind and unwind and unwind thread off thewinding spindle, when I forget to put a small pair of scissors, or ametal measurer under the thread, so it doesn't get wound around thewrong thing. These are just SOME of the aggravations of this machine.I would NOT recommend it to anyone, especially to a beginner, whodoesn't know how to deal with an unruly sewing machine. You'd thinkBrother would have worked out all these problems by now, but NO.This machine will drive you nuts !!
As the title says this is a low grade construction paper. I found it to be a bit flimsy and a dark gray, rather than black. The price is right for throw away student projects.
I am having trouble setting the tension on the machine.I wish the light over the sewing area were brighter.The instruction book could be more instructive.Should have one for each type of machine with different functions, such as bobbin winder, etc.I will let you know later how it goes.The tension is killing me, per say.
I got this for Christmas. It reeked like cigarettes and the beads weren't as nice a quality that you'd expect for the cost. I definitely won't be ordering from Jealous Jewels again.
This just arrived and it is going straight back. The description states "easy assembly" but that is a relative term. It requires hammer, nails and you need to glue. I do not consider this easy assembly.
I bought this set for my mom on last Mother's day. Painting has been her major hobbie for a few years. Before this set, she used pencil watercolor. I always complained that the colors were not so vivid. I went out and bought this set for her. After she started using it, I have to say her paintings now come to live. The colors are now so smooth and bright. The brush set also adds more varieties for her to use different techniques with her paintings. Other accessories are also useful. The box holds everything together so she won't lose it anymore. For the price, I think it's worth every penny, not to mention making her feel more confident in her works.
I was really worried when I read all the negative reviews and wasn't sure if I was wasting my money on this one. Amazon doesn't allow half stars or I would have said 3.5 stars instead of 4, but the title is pretty much the review: it's not perfect, but it's not all that bad, either.Some people mentioned that the machine doesn't work well for thick fabrics, but we got two quilts on this machine without any trouble. That's a cotton top, a thick cotton middle, and a cotton bottom, and while I was a little nervous that it wouldn't fit under the "foot" it did fine. We sewed flannel and felt, and they weren't a problem. Obviously, it does best on cotton. Haven't tried it on silks and satins yet.I had trouble with the bobbin a lot, with the thread breaking, getting tangled, that kind of thing. But once I started pulling out 6 inches of thread before starting, the problem went away, so maybe it was just that I wasn't pulling enough thread and tension. I am still not sure why I was having so much difficulties.I do really like the bobbin winder, though. I've been using the machine pretty much continually for three months now, and haven't seen any problems with the needle breaking.
The silver polish was easy enough to use and there is plenty of it for my needs. Actually, too much -- plus having to purchase all the other stuff that goes with it made my polishing a little too pricey for my tastes. I found package sets and alternatives at hardware stores et al that is easier to use and required a lot less cleanup. Live and learn -- it still does a great job and is a value for the quality.
Awesome for the price, has so many different stitches!! It's aesthetically pleasing and very lightweight. Love it.
These pillowcases look quite beautiful when stitched up, but I wish they came in 100% cotton, not that polyester blend. Also, sometimes the stamping is too heavy and/or will not wash out until many washes later...but on the whole, I have enjoyed stitching these pillowcases.
We bought this in mid-may of this year, so we have only had it for a little over two months and my husband has used it a few times sewing patches on his uniform and by only using it a few times it doesn't work right. It continously binds up and makes it to where we are not able to use it at all. So we pretty much just wasted our money on this sewing machine and of course we are a month past our return date, so we are stuck with it. Do not suggest wasting your money on this machine. I would hate to see this happen to anyone else.
I really like these necklace extenders, they work great..much cheaper than going to the jewerly store and paying to have your necklace be longer.
I bought this table from Kid Kraft less then 5 months ago and I had so many issues with it. I normally don't have these issues with products I buy. But this company was horrible. After many emails for a week and a call from the super visor which was just as worse with Terri and Hillary the Supervisor. I mean its a totally cute table and super adorable don't get me wrong. Their Customer Service is HORRIBLE. They don't care about your concerns or care. I have 2 toddler who love to put things into their mouths and when screws fall out we have to take time out to worry about finding them.Kid Kraft TableWell after many exchange emails and phone call from supervisor. Makes me tell the World how crappy they are. They stated they will send me replacement parts, but honestly it wont make it better, Some of the screws and wood is stripped. Meaning I will need a new table if I take it apart. The screws in the chair that was there before I got it, are falling out, no grooves to but it back into the chair. NO instructions at all, and there website has a assembly spot but when you put the 5 digit code in, wont catch you have A or B. I had B and gave me instructions to A which were all wrong. No way to tell their site which version you have which lacks alot cause A has so much less then B. The bolts that catch onto the screw, keep falling off the table, and makes the table very un sturdy. Also edible parts for my toddlers which make me a very unhappy camper. You will need wood glue and wrench plus many extra things to make it work. My biggest concern while emailing and calling they act like I am a liar, and how its never happened before, and THEY hand pack the boxes before ship. Also you know those white packets that have those beads in them? poison to human mouth contact, well they exploded all over inside exposing those beads around my kids, which is why I had to wait to put it together. I don't want my kids to get poisoned from their lack of caring. Plus I never found the packets anywhere. The screwing on this table is all wrong. Took 2 people plus me to hold the wood rods while I try my hardest to screw the screws into the tiny holes they came with. I pulled 2 muscles while doing this in both arms, and damaging the tissue into my shoulder which is very weak from past damage since they used non automatic tools.If your looking into a sturdy table for your kids THIS isn't the one you want. Their CS sucks so bad, their supervisor is so stuck up, and they make you feel so low. I honestly will never work or buy from this company ever in the future. I asked them to make my opinion change about them, a NEW table or different product or apology, which was my main concern, but cause they were so stuck up, they were like we will send you new parts so you can be in pain all over again, these screws aren't something that would take a automatic tool to make it happen faster. It was a small tiny tool that goes into the screw while You turn over 10+ times to get it in without it stripping. I hate how the outcome came, but this IS NOT a company any parent should gr through.I am so worried day by day that a screw or nut or catching nut my kids will find. After wood glue its all fine and gravy, but that's EXTRA money out my pocket to make it work. Says it 3+ and so on, but clearly they have no idea what they are talking about. Again they are rude and non caring!!!!!!!!freesamplesreviews.com/2012/10/05/review-kid-kraft/
I've been using Brent wheels for years. I've left this one out in the snow this past winter because of space constraints. It is working great and the electronics all seem sound and well sealed. I've had to take it apart to tinker with the pedal speed and found it very easy to work on. In my opinion (based on 25 years of throwing on the wheel) Brent wheels are only second in reliability to kick-wheels (and much less bulky!) It may seem like a spendy amount but you won't be sorry when you have a reliable tool that lasts years.
I bought this item to make copies of a cherished photo of my mom & my four sisters....I wanted to iron it to a pillow for each of them, but found that ironing did not hold the printable fabric design & I had to hand sew it to the pillow. It was difficult to sew through & did not give the soft look I was hoping for. However, everyone loved the thought! A better ironing technique for thicker fabrics must be found for me to give this a better rating.
Immediately upon receiving this item I opened it installed the battery and it did not work. After an hour of trying to repair it, the sewing arm shifted but then stopped and that was it. In addition the machine was missing parts like the rotary wheel. Very poor product.
decent price for paint selection, but the brushes are TERRIBLE. the hairs will come out while you paint, making a huge mess.Decent paint selection though, just plan to buy real brushes.
I bought this as I was beginning with acrylic and watercolor paints. Being able to completely adjust height and angle on the legs and top is a MUST as I sit in different chairs and stools depending on the location.This easel can be a bit tricky to put away, but for the price and convenience I would still recommend it.
I purchased the medium block punch, thinking I would have a 1" x 1" square.After receiving the punch, however, I find it is smaller. On the back of the package it says it is "1 cm/.625 inches" . First, I don't think 1 cm equals .625 inches. Second, there is nothing in the descriptions (here or elsewhere that I could find) saying it is 1" across DIAGONALLY. So if anyone is needing a 1" x 1" square, this is not it.Otherwise, the quality of these punches are fair. Not excellent, but they are handy and easy to use.
I bought this punch to make my own stickers, and it's fantastic! This punch is somewhat heavier than others I've purchased, with quality construction and ease of use. If you're cutting out a picture, just turn it over to get a perfect view of exactly what you're cutting.And this punch is available in different sizes, so you can pick the one that best suits your needs.
This is my second dress form and as such my review is primarily based on what this dress form offers over my previous one. I sew on a regular basis making jackets, dresses, tops, and the occasional skirt. I wanted a dress form that would offer a good base to work on and be able to adjust the sizing as needed for the various garments. Compared to my 1st dress form this one overall has better quality, though not stellar, more padding for pinning and the adjustable dials and torso make it ideal for getting a good fit for my body shape. One thing that was also mentioned in previous reviews that I also experienced was that the dress form would not stay up at the adjusted height. It would inevitably slip down even if it wasn't being touched. To remedy this, I stuffed some scrap fabric chiffon fabric into the lower pole and then re-inserted the top portion. Now the dress form stays up with no problems. I find it to be stable, even on carpet and I love the fact that the upper portion can turn while I remain stationary and close to my supplies. My previous dress form did not have this feature and as such I had to move around the dress form when making alterations, etc. which was a pain. I certainly prefer the turn dials of this dress form over the scroll type dials on my previous dress form. They are more sturdy and much easier and faster to adjust. I was able to set everything up in a matter of minutes based on my measurements. I did have to add some padding to the bust area but I don't think this is uncommon. While this dress form is certainly not top of the line, for me it is an improvement over my first dress form and will suit my needs for the foreseeable future.
I bought one just like this before from micheals for some reason that one works better . Good buy tho
Very good. Very warm, as well. There was a discrepancy from the yarn and my pattern on what size needles to use. I used a size down from the yarn's suggestion and was fine.
We owned one of these for a year. My wife used it for a couple of hours at most - it stopped working. Customer service didn't offer any help.
This product I wasn't satisfied with it broke the first month in owning it, it's too flimsy and I was disapointed in this one.
My Swingline Model 20 3 Hole Punch is now about six months old and has been generally acceptable. It was offered for a very competitive price and has a lifetime warranty, which I may soon explore. The adjustments work smoothly and the paper guides are faultless. The one area of operation where I have been encountering recurring problems is in cleanliness of cuts. In other words, one of the punches leaves hanging chads on paper. (Maybe I should refer the matter to the Florida Board of Elections.)In general the chad problem can be minimized, but not altogether eliminated, by punching five or more sheets of paper at a time; one or two are guaranteed to not get clean punches.Overall, I would say that the machine is satisfactory, but I probably wouldn't buy it again knowing of it's proclivity to produce the always troublesome chads.
I can't even believe this product is on the market. Not only is it impossible to get an even tan without spreading with your hands, the CO2 cartridge freezes up and is unusable within only a minute. I followed the manufacturers tips stating that you need to let it rest and it will unfreeze...it did not. So I placed another cartridge in and began using for 30 seconds before it froze and became unusable.ANother point is that you have to hold the unit upright at all times or else the fluid spills out. How is that consumer friendly? How do you do do your back?I didn't even bother getting my money back , I it threw away in disgust. Did I mention that you need to be in a fully sheeted room as the stuff goes everywhere and stains!I do not recommend buying this product.
Great for scrapbooking... easy on the hands for those with arthritis. Only issue with this one is that the reach on it for location on your paper is limited. Other than that, its great.
I was not very pleased with this case. The handle looks like its missing a part and there is no cushion on it for ease on lifting.
Apply extremely thin using a cotton swab or ball. Do not use the toothpicks that come with the kit. Let dry for one to two days. KEEP IN MIND that the paint is supposed to bring detail to the picture and not create a totally new one, so use the paint sparringly, and if it takes more than two days, you basically used too much paint even if you think that you didn't. Works well if used correctly.
I got this as a means of getting a wide range of sizes cheaply. It does just that. The bamboo is strong and I have not broken any after 3 years. The ends do show some slight denting from the tips rubbing together, but they don't snag yarn or cause any harm. They are very lightweight also, which is nice as the needles don't fall from the work when you are using others.
This was nothing more that the late night product, SHAMWOW. It is definitely not is know as a traditional pressing cloth. Not what I expected. If you're looking for a SHAMWOW, then order this product. If you're looking for a pressing cloth, order something else.
The eraser is tiny,, I cant believe the price I paid for this.Its 1 inch wide by 1.5 inches long and less than 1/8th of an inch thick.how can they call this large! It should have been 1 $ I would hate to see the small!
Let me start out by saying, I am fed up with this machine.I recieved this machine as a gift from my mother nearly 6 years ago. I began sewing with it about 4 months after I recieved it, and stopped sewing with it after I became frustrated with thread jams and tension problems. I wound up putting the machine in the attic for about 4 years after getting so fed up one day. However, to the machine's credit I was a total novice sewer with no experience or lessons.Fast forward to a few months ago, and I decided as a newly stay at home mom that I would start sewing again. I got the machine out, and decided to pay $99 to have it serviced, cleaned, tension adjusted, etc. I had a feeling the majority of my problems were user error. I signed up for sewing lessons with a woman who has been sewing for 40 years. After 4 lessons with her (she is fantastic) I realized how many careless errors I was making (not stopping the needle in the correct position, forgetting to put down the presser foot when I started sewing, etc). I actually got through a pair of pajama pants, but there were a few hiccups with the machine along the way (a thread jam). A few times my instructor had to switch places with me to prevent it from being tempremental.I decided to take on making a little flag banner for Christmas, which required sewing a few layers (two layers of cotton, interfacing, trim, and twill tape). My machine HATED it. Halfway through the project, I noticed my top thread tension was completely off. I tried to play with it to correct it, but NOPE, never went back to normal. I rethreaded the machine, changed the needle, and did everything you are supposed to do to try and correct tension. I wound up taking it in to the shop who thankfully did not charge me for correcting the tension. This was less than a week ago.during the week, I finished my flag banner with no problem (the machine sounded different after it was serviced). I also sewed a cotton shirt. I sat down today to sew something with a cotton gauze and what do you know? The tension is completely off again! It's almost as if it sits, and the tension falls out of sync. I am convinced that now I have corrected all the "known" user errors I was commiting, it has to be this damn machine. I called the shop & they said they dont know why this machine is acting this way. I will be leaving my home shortly to drop it off again and have them look at it.To sum it up, I think this machine is, like everyone else is saying, exactly what you pay for. You pay bargain prices, you get a cheap bargain machine. This machine has horrible tension problems, and I agree with the other reviews when I think it risks beginner sewers just throwing in the towel. I know sewing is NOT supposed to be this frustrating or difficult. Thankfully I will be getting a new machine for Christmas.Here is a list of problems I have experienced:- Stiching in reverse on this machine is a PAIN! It is the worst. I have trouble every time I have to reverse stich to secure a seam.- Thread jams happen on this one. The machine has a tendancy to want to sew in the same place which causes jams. Sometimes jams are caused because of careless errors, which should be mentioned.- Tension has been my biggest form of frustration on this machine. The machine falls out of tension for no apparent reason at all. My veteran instructor says she rarely has to adjust tension, however I'm having to correct it on every project with this machine.- It will not sew through thick layers easily, if at all. You can forget jeans, drapes, inserting trim and so on.- The pedal is finky. You have to work really hard to find the sweet spot. Sometimes when I start sewing, it immediately goes 90 miles an hour. There is no "easing on the pedal" right out of the shoot, it takes a lot of practice.- It gets hot pretty easily. I was suprised how hot the machine felt after my sewing lesson.Avoid this machine, and do more research on a better fit! Ask your sewing store what models/brands are serviced most. They want to make a sale, so they'll probably tell you with some questioning. Thankfully I have the funds to get a Bernina (the cadillac of sewing machines). So I'll be reviewing that one after Christmas.
This yarn is soft, but strong and because of the larger size, it's super fast to work with. The strands stay together really well, unlike some yarns where you find yourself catching/snagging on half the strand or in places that you don't want to be. One review mentioned a glittery string, and I think that may only be in a few select colors, as mine didn't have that and many of the colors I've seen in stores didn't either. Love it, great for making hats and stuff like that. As one review said, it is probably cheaper to drive to the store and buy it though, if you can find it there.
The results of the punch are breathtaking. It produces a beautiful and versatile punch that you can use on cards, scrapbooks, etc. I really love the design. Too bad it's so difficult to use successfully.The problem is the ease of operation. It is EXTREMELY difficult to punch. You have to place the punch on the table and press down really hard to succeed in actually punching out the image completely and fully releasing it from the paper. All the little pieces inside the leaf are stuck inside the punch and you have to try to get them out with a pin or something to avoid having them drop into the inside of the punch or clogging up the punch for the next effort. Even so, the chances of getting a usable punched form after all that effort is 50/50. The rest of the time, the perimeter of the leaf doesn't cut all the way through.I know that it isn't just this punch that is defective, the problem is somehow related to the design/workmanship of the punch. I had bought another one from another seller on e-bay and had to return it. That one was even worse than this one. It felt as if there was something blocking the punch part from coming down. That seller had another in stock, I asked her to test it before sending it to me and she told me that it must be from the same batch because the same thing happened. I then ordered this one from Amazon. Not as bad, but still the hardest punch I have ever used. I don't expect it to last long because I know the plastic pusher-thingy is going to give out under the pressure necessary, but I will enjoy it while it lasts.If you want one (like me)--in spite of the drawbacks--get it soon because (I think) the manufacturer has discontinued it (I'm not surprised) and very few are left on the web. (I know. I checked. 90% say "out of stock").
I had an original buttoneer years ago and loved it, but this is nothing like the one I had. It does not work well at all, and is cheap and flimsy. Would not recommend.
these magnets may be small but they are powerful is sugest wraping them in electrical tape to make sure they dont chip
Very nice punch set they are well made and heavey duty and work great very good deal for the money!!
This is the worst machine ever. It does not come close to living up to its name. I'm kicking myself daily for not having returned this machine to the store I bought it from. I was gullible and just thought it would get better. It didn't! Don't buy this machine if you plan on hemming jeans very much with this machine. It will leave you disappointed!
This was my first set of Prismacolor Colored Pencils and I was very happy with this purchase. I always like to see what kind of deals I can get, and I was very happy with the one. My only complaint was that the color slipped right out of the middle of two of the pencils. Apparently not enough glue was applied during production. Get your game together Prismacolor. Arrived promptly, packaged nicely, and in good condition.
I don't know what all the complaining is about. We ran a full cycle of Oregon agates and they came out great. No "pinhole leaks" no leaks at all. Perhaps the complaint was because they forgot to seal the lid with Vaseline. No breakdowns. The noise was standard but non -existent when in the garage... did anyone really plan on keeping it in the kitchen? There were complaints of the time it took- we are doing the grinding of 9000 years. A few weeks seems like a bargain. Only complaints are the small barrel capacity and the final polish was a little duller than what you find in the store. Overall, for a starter tumbler, not a bad buy.
Great glue gun. Just the right size (not one of those tiny craft guns). It gets hot enough to use in about 8 minutes. One thing I would recommend is do not touch the plastic portion forward of the trigger. It gets very warm as well. Worked like a top!!
This item isn't very well made but you can't really expect more for its price.
The roll of canvas arrived in the factory box/packaging which was fully in tact and not damaged in any visible way. The roll inside once opened and started to be fed into the plotter had two tears in the middle of the canvas sheet about 1" long each and about 2 feet into the roll. The only explanation I can come up with is that it was put into the box this way as the box appears to be in perfect shape, the plastic wrap on the roll was not damaged in any visible way. To lose 2+ feet off a 20 foot roll is quite a bit of lost material/money. That's why I only gave it 4 stars. I've had glossy paper arrive with tape on the gloss surface which also damaged the first foot or so.Other than that initial flaw, the canvas works perfectly for inkjet plotting of photos so far in an HP Z6100.
I works OK. It's cheap and it's effecent. I don't think I would have bought, though, it if I had know it has staples to attach the metal to the plastic.
This anti-drip glue gun drips. Since it claims to have anti-drip feature, it does not come with a drip catcher/tray. The net result is a messy work space. It does come in a nice package and other functions work well. If you are expecting a dripless glue gun, get something else. If the anti-drip feature is not important, it is a decent glue gun.
This is a classic bait and switch I only received one canvas even though it clearly states 6pack buyer beware!
The PED Basic seemed like an easy fix for downloading embroidery patterns. Unfortunately it took an IT specialist an hour to get the product installed on my computer. After two hours of trying, failing and stress, I learned how to download designs. I like the product now that the process is over.
This is a very nice blanket pin; 4" long as advertised. However, title says blanket "PINS" and it is one PIN for almost $6. There are better options.
It's in the title!Great product in great condition and delivered in a timely manner - thank you!Will use Amazon again and again.Amazon usually has what I'm looking for a reasonable price and I appreciate having it available.
I didn't read carefully before ordering. I wanted plain brown paper for gift wrapping. I got a huge roll of brown paper which is too large to keep in the house for gift wrap, but is perfect for spreading on the floor and letting a bunch of kindergarteners scribble on it. So that's who I'm giving it to! (It would get 5 stars for that.)
The punch is ok. I was expecting more for the price. Punching more than a couple pages is difficult with this punch. Also, it doesn't punch laminated papers very well.
The handle that you grip is too shallow and does not allow you to get a firm grip to press hard enough for a dark print to be made. The result is a label with partially faded embossing.
The paper looks great but...it is rather difficult to work with. I know another reviewed said it was great for flowers but its not as great as other papers. When trying to do certain folds it is almost impossible to get the foil to behave. The sheets curl up witch also make it hard to work with. Im not saying it doesn't look good though. It looks great very nice colors and textures, Im just saying unless your a pro at origami this paper is going to be a little tough to deal with. For 3.99 I am happy though.
we decorated our first chicken egg, from our lovely lady, Kimora Lee Chicken, with this gold leaf and have it displayed in the living room! Also used it as makeup on a photoshoot and it looked great!
This magnifier is decent for the money, but looking through it it seema a touch hazy in the glass. Still an okay product for what it is!
Extremely disappointed. I have been shopping with amazon for years. This is absolutely the worst product I have bough. Received it 20 minutes ago. Went through about 30 flash cards and the hole punch gave up.
This machine is horrible! Can't even make simple projects without having multiple problems. Instructions are useless too. Buy a nicer machine and save yourself the hassle and fustration.
If you only need to punch a few pages, this will do it. I'm not sure what exactly is "heavy duty" about it - it punches no more sheets, nor any better, than your standard walmart 3 hole punch. Your only advantage with this piece is that it will do the 2 hole punch as well. If you are looking for "heavy duty" keep looking. And if you print on paper thicker than tissue paper - you're not going to get 20 pages into thse little slots.
I bought these to use for photography, it will work fine for what I want, and I'll likely purchase at least one more to make sure because of the good price, but the edges of the paper were damaged from how it was packaged. It was shipped in a small box just big enough. I'll update after purchasing the second roll.
This is the crappiest toy I have even bought. Don't buy it it doesn't even have things that pull the fabric through. I hate that I wasted my money on it. It might be fun for a 2 year old, just because they like to push buttons and hear noise. Spend alittle more money and get a crafting one if you actually want something you can learn to sew with. Again it's a toy and just not what I thought it would be.
Although it shipped quickly, I did not like the quality of this box. Also, now that all the fashion watches for women are so large, my watches would not fit into the slots. Made more for the small faced watches. Kind of flimsy too. Vendor was very courteous, simplified my return without a hassle.
There was only one &#34;BLOCK&#34; in the package, the rest were really just sticks. This wasn't made clear in the product description.
I did not understand that this ink is designed for pen sketching, or calligraphy! Therefore I incorrectly ordered it thinking it would be appropriate for my Waterman fountain pen. It does not FLOW through a nib, and therefore I goofed in selecting this product.
Tried this one in the store and it seemed a little flimsy. Except for this plastic color, visibly this appears to be the same as the Provo CraftZision Paper Trimmer 12"-(same manufacturer), so I would suggest reading the reviews on that one also.
I bought this after a mission trip. A great, quick, easy and light way to fix all sorts of things (including buttons). A great thing to take, but you'll probably have to check it in a bag if you are flying.
I bought these for my 11 year old niece for christmas. She wanted hair chalk and all of the products that were made for kids and labeled as &#34;hair chalk&#34; had bad reviews. Not to mention the comparative increase in price and decrease in number or colors and quality. Hair chalking first came about using art chalks like these so I figured, why not give her more color options and a product that (when taught correctly) will be easier to use? So I did my youtube research and on Christmas day I taught her how to use them while giving her some purple streaks in her hair that she absolutely loved.
This yarn lives up to its name ... Wool-Ease => Easy Care and easy to work with on the needles; Thick => This Yarn is SUPER thick; Quick => Really depends what you're knitting ... I am knitting a HUGE blanket so the project won't be quick ... but the blanket is turning out wonderful ... the Yarn is beautiful!
This is just right for my purposes. All I needed was a place to store a ream of stock paper and some other specialty paper. I like that the shelves move. I wish it were just a bit taller same number of shelves, but I'm sure there's another product out there like that somewhere.The back is not display worthy so I would have it backed up to a wall but the rest of it looks very nice.
I followed the instruction to the book to dye deep black a previosly tie dyed cotton slack. The outcome was awful. My slack came out grayish color and not the deep black color I expected.The previous tie dyed color was not dyed over by the deep black color. I tried RIT black powder dye and worked much better by covering the previous color with deep rich black color.I will not use Dylon again.
I used this paper to do wedding invitations. It wasn't exactly the color I expected but it worked ok. Very thick and shiny.
This came well packaged, on time and the quality is perfect for my beading/necklace/ bracelet projects. I will definitely be buying more of this product and check out other colors available! Thank you
Este producto vino de mala calidad, estaban muchos oxidados desgastados. Se parten con mucha facilidad, no duran ni cortan bien
I was all excited to find a honey almond scent thinking it would smell so yummy!! I saw it on here, then I found it at the store so I bought it. Turns out, it actually smells a lot like shampoo. I've asked several others what they think of the scent and they all say it's like shampoo, too. So I'd say skip this one and find something else more pleasing and unique.
is really a terrific stand, with not a HUGE base (important, space wise).Excellent seller. Arrived promptly, well packed!
Easy to cut and apply to my rulers and cutting guides. Seems to help hold them steadier and they don't shift when using a rotary cutter.
I was looking for a gift for my sister and found this. When I received it I was so happy to give to her. I am now her "best" sister. She uses it every so often and she loves the stunning design of it. She thought I probable paid a furtone for it. But no.....You know the truth it is priced so low....(Didn't tell her :-)...that's the secret of a gift.....
My 3 yr old loves these! They are a welcomed break from school. It really doesn't matter what I put in front of her, she fills the page every time! Very durable too. And doesn't stain!
the description says 150 yards but the on the roll package there is only 100 yards . I was not a happy bunny as this is the main colour most mens jeans use.
This yarn is soft but that is the best I can say about it. I crocheted a baby blanket with it and thought I would never get through the project. There were long sections of the yarn where the splitting and bunching up of fibers was so bad I felt like I was trying to manipulate clouds of cobwebs. I had to press on because there was no way of determining by sight or touch where the bad areas began and ended. If I could have known I would have cut the bad sections out. I had to re-do stitches two, three, even four or five times in spite of proceeding VERY slowly and with extreme care . On another web site there were many negative reviews of this yarn but there were good ones too and the few reviews on Amazon were favorable so I decided to go ahead and order. Big mistake. The tediousness and frustration of working with this yarn displaced the enjoyment of creating the blanket and this was a blanket for my first grandson so you gotta' figure things had to be pretty bad to crush the pleasure of making this blanket. Maybe the yarn works well for knitting. I threw the left over yarn in the trash and that's saying something considering what a penny pincher I am. I hope if I am some day compelled to make another baby item that there are other easier to work with soft yarns available
The paper product is good... clean, bright, white...just what i ordered. The only down side (which is why i rated it at 4 stars) is the condition it was in when it arrived. The paper roll looked as if it was rolled by hand, i mean it is not bad looking, but the sides were not flush. Normally when a machine rolls paper, or at least cuts it, the sides are flush. When packed in the shipping container, the roll of paper must have jostled back and forth a bit compressing and wrinkling the very ends of the roll. The rest of the roll is fine. Other than that, good product.
It is a very convenient product that looks sturdy also. I put away my Brother SE 400 in it and I can fit all accessories for both sewing and embroidering.The box is not very pretty, white plastic, but this does the job and I feel that I will be able to keep it for a while!
I was not happy with the product because the holes in the stoppers are too small for most fish hook earrings.
I recently purchased this product for my 7 year old daughter. She wanted to learn how to sew and I thought this sewing machine would actually work since it was a Singer product. Well, I wish I would have read the reviews instead of buying on impulse. We tried making a purse and it was a horrible experience. The machine does not work. The only think that works is the pedal. The stitches unravel as soon as she stops sewing. I became frustrated as we tried to stitch the same piece over and over again. The machine is awful! It was a waste of money and it's going back to the store. I am giving the product a one rating because she did understand how to make a simple purse. I will be researching other machines. I will make sure there is a bobbin this time! Save yourself the headache and don't waste your money on this one! I'm avoiding plastic this time.
Did not dye my item black. More of a grayish blue. Doesn't look horrible however if you are looking to make your clothing actually black you may want to buy more than two. I will give it a try once more and see what happens.
These scissors are just like most other utility scissors, except for two features that I find very valuable.#1 - They lock. There is a little plastic thing that swivels to lock the handles together. This is a nice safety feature. Provided, it is not a strong lock and any child with thumbs can still open the scissors, but it is nice to avoid reaching in a drawer and slicing yourself on scissors that opened from being squished with other utensils and knives (admit it, we all have those kinds of drawers).#2 - The handles are comfortable. One of the things I dislike about using scissors is that my hands are uncomfortable against the hard plastic or metal handles.Though I have not used them for cutting boneless chicken breast into strips, I have seen friends use it for this. Evidently, they've had much luck with food uses (cutting chives, for instance). The scissors come clean in the dishwasher and I've not noticed they rust.Comfortable and useful. A great pair to have on-hand, even if you just use them for cutting twine, gift wrap, and clipping off price tags.
GREAT machine! The only draw back is that you need complete darkeness (I mean complete darkness!) to see the projection.
Monster enormous hole punch. Yeow! Works like a dream, punches through paper like it was butter. Really does actually punch through 30 sheets at a time. Dunno why it's in "electronics", though. It's definitely an "analog" hole punch. :D You can get a good workout using it (and toting it around too, heh).
I got this as a gift from my mom and reallllyyyy want to use it... but i just cant figure out how to thread it!!! I am a newbie and have no experience at all with sergers so i cant judge the machine. however, the instructional disc that came with the machine was quite confusing that i watched it over and over again and tried several times but never got it right. at the end, i got so frustrated and gave up... I cant say if im just stupid or the machine itself is hard to use but the serger is now just sitting in the storage without any use...
This paper is NOT magenta. It is downright PURPLE! Not AT ALL the color I was looking for. Also the paper was not the soft &#34;construction paper&#34; texture I expected, but I leave that as my fault.
I am brand new to serging and used Amazon book reviews to help me pick books. Believe me when I tell you that this book is excellent. It is clearly written, has wonderful color pictures, and is perfect for the beginner. It explains the different stitches and what they are used for, how different threads are used and how they react in sergers. You get tips on threading, tension adjustments, troubleshooting, securing seams, needle selection, working with knits, and using elastics. You also get ideas for fun projects and much more. If you are just getting started in serging or would like to learn more, I HIGHLY recommend this book. Out of the six different books I've purchased recently, this one is by far the best. You just can't go wrong with this book.
These are a decent pair of household scissors, but I'm not sure it's all it claims to be. Here are the points I would dispute:- 3 X harder than Stainless Steel; blades stay sharper longer: Well, after cutting cardboard for a kid's project, I wasn't convinced that the blades were still as sharp to cut paper as they were before the cardboard.- Resists the stickiness of tape and glue: NOT TRUE -- I used them to cut labels and the slivers of sticky ends stuck to the blades each and every time!- Lightweight, yet durable enough for any project: Lightweight, YES, but not more durable than Scotch Precision, which I would recommend over this.I would go withScotch Precision Scissor, 8-Inches (1448)as a better product which also comes with the Limited Lifetime Warranty, basically replacing the scissors if they fail in workmanship anytime in the future. If you're willing to spend the shipping and handling fee to return them to the manufacturer rather than just buying a brand new pair, then the warranty is worth having.
This leather hole punch does what it promises. The packaging does not come with instructions for use so it's a little tricky to figure out. To use it, you have to unlock the clasp on the side of the hole punch, then push the dial to the hole size you want. I have not tried the smaller holes but the medium-large holes are working perfectly. Sometimes you have to get it on the other size to get a clean hole, but it's not difficult to do. It could be better, but for the price, it's hard to beat.
If you follow the directions you probably will get the color that you desire. It will get on your skin if you don't cover up and will take a while to get off.
Measurements for packing are deceptive. Entire package is CLOSE to the listed measurements but includes a large portion of the packing that has NO PRODUCT. I ordered 5 bags and could not believe the SMALL amount of wool roving I received. I would not order this product again.
I basically got this so my order would qualify for free shipping (and because I always need glue!) I didn't notice all the bad reviews until after I sent my order.It's a small glue stick, although I think calling it a "pen" is a bit misleading. The glue itself was actually really good- I haven't had any trouble with things peeling up. It was used up really quickly though.
very overpriced i think. the wool itself is fine.it arrived on time but was in a huge box filled with plastic bags.
I do advanced sewing (formal wear, upholstery, etc.) as well as home repairs (mending, quilting). This machine is equiped to do everything I need. The button-hole stich is easy to use. The adjustable pressure dial for the foot clutch is great. I was happy to find several pressure feet came with the machine, including button-hole, blind hem, cording, and more. The stich functions are practicle and decorative and there are more than I will ever use. I've never used a Simlicity Machine before and am very pleased with the durability of the machine, with metal parts rather than the easily broken plastic. The only flaw is that you have to pay a shipping fee for the three free patterns.
Item states:Professional-looking, 24-lb. fine parchment certificates are a great way to celebrate exceptional performance.Choose from silver or gold foil-enhanced borders on blue parchment or preprinted green borders on ivory parchment.Includes easy-to-use CD with over 50 certificates and award templates.Laser, inkjet and copier guaranteed.Pack of 15 Certificates***The certificates are terrific--however, there was some wierd fold on one of the packages and really warped the border on one set of the certificates. NO CD ROM****NO TEMPLATES*** they have preset design on their website you can see--but they are not modifiable or useable. We tried. However, because my team and I worked hard, we were able to hide the flaw with other stickers...and thus it came out very nice. Very professional look--I would have liked to give it 5 stars--but the two problems mentioned really flawed the product imo.
This machine was received promptly from Amazon.com.It says it is a 45 stitch machine... very misleading. It is only a 17 stitch machine. The difference in stitches is the length/width, but that doesn't exactly make it a different stitch.The manual also stinks... not clearly written at all. It took me over 2 hours to figure how to get from one set of stitches to a second set of stitches (you have to adjust 2 different knobs to get from one set to the next, but that is nowhere in the manual).One more thing that drove me nuts...This machine comes with extra feet... great! However, not all of the extras are listed in the manual... and the manual does not tell you which foot to use for which stitch... thank goodness I have a little knowledge of sewing.If you are a beginner, don't buy this machine. If you do, you will need to hire a professional to help you understand how to use it.Good luck!
I use Red Heart a lot and the Super Saver skeins are always the best deal. I use a lot of white because I make a lot of crocheted amigurumi.
My titanium scissors failed at the pivot. The screw anchor failed and the blades fell apart. Hate to waste titanium blades. Is there a guarantee against this failure?
I love Melissa and Doug products, but lately they have not included their usual plastic sliding lid over their products. This makes storing this stamp set much more difficult. We have the dinosaur stamp set which has the cover and nothing falls out of it. I wish they would return to including the cover!
I used this just like the bottom said and the cloths I dyed all now have a purple tint inside and out.
I was not aware that when I adjust the dial for a diff size range that there would be a steep gap in any case probably best for fitting I was purchasing for draping actually so I returned.
I bought one of these machines for myself (Amazon was out of it so I made my purchase at Fingerhut - the ones on eBay are way too expensive) and have had a lot of fun with it. So much fun, that I bought one for a friend. Yes, it's a little tricky, but not impossible to master. Here are few things I have learned:1. Use the right kind of yarn - that can take some experimenting.2. Use the correct tension - that will also take some experimenting for each type of yarn you use.3. Have your work properly weighted so it won't drop stitches.4. Turn the crank at a slow to moderate speed.5. Pay attention to what you're doing and watch the hooks for dropped stitches so you can fix them immediately.I curl and bundle my work up into the middle of the machine instead of letting it drop out the side and that solved my problem with dropped stitches. Sometimes I use knitting weights which also helps a lot. I do still get some skipped stitches now and then, but it may be because my tension gets off occasionally so I'm still working on that issue. Also, the yarn I like to use is probably a little too loosely twisted and sometimes splits as it's being picked up by a hook. When this happens, I stop and fix the problem before proceeding (by slipping the split yarn the rest of the way over the hook as that stitch comes around on the left side). Again, this might be another one of my issues with the tension.It's easy to add different colors of yarn by simply knotting the two yarns together with a small knot. If the knot is too big, it won't feed through the machine - so keep the knot small.I have read that the new machines by Addi are made by the same company. The mechanics look exactly the same yet they cost 4 times as much as the Innovations machine. I seriously doubt if there's a substantial difference in their overall performance.All in all, it's a nice little machine and I'm happy with my purchase. I've made several scarves (in 90 minutes) and hats (in 30 minutes - both single and double thickness) for myself and friends. I think the overall quality of my projects is fine for gifts but until I can make something without skipped stitches, I don't feel like I can sell anything that I make. YouTube has been a great help in learning how to use this product.
Product works great. Shipped very quickly! Cheaper online than in store. I can't wait to have one of my own!
This paper just wasn't as good as I'd expected it to be. It never held vibrant colors well, and I tried on multiple printers. The colors just seemed dull on this paper. Also, the backing wasn't sticky enough and it peeled off of the paper bags I had put them on. Overall, I was not satisfied with this purchase.
This is not a bad knife. My only complaint is that with almost every Buck knife I've ever owned they tend to have really brittle blades. If you pry or twist too much on this blade you will chip it. The extra hard steel (which is what makes them brittle) also makes the hard to sharpen. The only real effective tool I've found for sharpening a Buck knife is a diamond stone. They are pretty sharp out of the box and as long as you don't chip the blade they hold an edge better than many other knifes.
I apologize for not rating this item very highly. I gathered the yarn for a weekend trip away where I was going to start my project. I made one stop at a retail store and the entire lot of chocolate fun fur I had you ship to me, the crochet hook and 2 Leisure Arts instruction books I was going to use for the project, was stolen from my car. Other items were taken, like my camera, my purse and everything I was taking for the weekend, but I was most upset about the yarn and instruction books.I haven't had the energy to order it all again. I tried to purchase the exact fun fur from yarn stores with coupons, but I couldn't find 8 matching dye lots.So I have no experience with this product.Signed, Discouraged in Aptos.
I purchased this serger and found it constantly broke needles and they are very difficult to replace. Even though the item was color coded to thread, it was still somewhat confusing. The bulb burned out only after a week, then the needle broke and I was in big trouble. I had to buy a bulb that did not fit too well to see how to replace the needle & then re-thread. I was not as pleased as I thought I would be and have not used in nearly a year and will be glad to sell. The lady on HSN "made" it look so simple!
I thought the color wheel would have more to it. I thought it was limited for what I needed it for.
This is the biggest waste of money. I was hoping to cut through 3 layers of melted together wax paper for a project I am doing. I was shocked to find that this piece of garbage won't even cut a clean circle through one piece of regular lined paper or parchment paper. It just squishes the paper and cuts 3/4 of the circle and then rips the rest of the page trying to get it out. It jams ever second cut and broke before I even got it out of the package (the flimsy plastic handle). This is a piece of JUNK don't waste your money. Will be contacting their customer service reps, nice lifetime warranty.
A good case great at a very good cost. I would buy it again
This "toy" polishes rocks. It's a wonderful idea, however, they fail to mention on the box you have to leave this thing running for more than 3 WEEKS! No child has that much patience!
These fit the purpose but I would recommend them to anyone and if I had used them before I wouldn't have bought them. They are not bery stable. They wobble when the kids walk on them and they are very slippery. I put a strip of duck tape down the middle so the kids wouldn't slip when they walked on them.
I was hopping Amazon has solved the false advertisement issue with these since it been a few months since the last review i saw about the artstick. No its still not there, and the pencils are not made in USA like they said, it's in Mexico and the tops are broken as well from the lack of cushions when shipped. The pencil outer shell is half chipped off or melted on mine and ? A few of them has a split down the middle on the side too...I don't know but it makes it seem cheap compared to the one made in USA one. Overall it good comapred to most colored pencils, but the quality had gone down. Very upset about it...
Pages are 8&quot; X 8&quot;. What do they fit into?? This world is 8.5&quot; X 11.0&quot;.
I didn't buy this table on Amazon. I got mine at JoAnn's for half price and with an additional coupon, so it is easily worth the $75 I paid for it. Easy to assemble - took me about 45 minutes by myself. The instructions say to make sure the legs that swing out are facing in different directions, but neglect to tell you that they need to swing a certain way. Once I got the top on, I realized mine were backwards and wouldn't fit into the clips that are on the bottom of the table - but it was an easy fix since the table was already upside down. Other reviewers have said that the table is unsteady or moves - well, I'm not dancing on it and I understand that it's not weight bearing so this is not a problem. It is slightly shorter than a standard cardboard cutting board, but I just used a lumber clip from my toolbox to clamp it at one end and let the other end hang down - problem solved. Not having to crawl around on the floor to cut out a pattern motivates me to sew more. All in all, if you can get this table at the right price I recommend it. And for the folks complaining that it is made in China, I hear you and if you can find anything made in the USA then recommend it for us will ya?
Never got a chance to check it out as it arrived with the lid off the container and a nice clear shine on the interior of the box - I assume that was the glue?jc
Need some one to help me with my machine. I keep getting FO6 in the LCD and the machine will not operate. Husband purchased the machine new about 4 years ago. Got it out about a month ago and everything went well but yesterday all I could get was F06 and my books don't mention anything about this situation.
This is a yarn that makes me think of someone a hundred years ago working away on a spinning wheel. The colors are beautiful, the texture is thick and soft, and there are very fine 'hairs' coming off it about an inch long that you don't really notice until you've knitted a few rows. It's also thick enough that it will definately keep you warm. I've started a scarf using #11 knitting needles and it's coming out wonderfully.The only reason this yarn gets four instead of five stars is because it seems to be taking me longer than usual to knit with it. I may need to switch from bamboo to aluminum needles because it doesn't 'slide' well on bamboo and I think that is what's slowing me down. Or it may be the extra moment it takes to locate the actual thread I need to knit next, because when it's next to the other thread on the needle, it blends in due to the fluffiness of the yarn. It may not even slow down more practiced crafters.All in all, I'm very pleased with the yarn, and willing to take the extra time to work with it because the end result is absolutely beautiful. And I definately plan on buying more for future crafts.
It says in the item description that there are 20 8 inch lace medallions. when they came in the mail there were only 5. so i paid over a dollar for a 8 inch piece of paper. I plan on using these for my wedding invitations and they are still pretty and will work for the cause, my main concern that people are thinking they are getting a certain amount but aren't even getting half of that.So if u do buy this product only expect 5.
Good price, nice and sharp, great packaging (crazy that a review has to use a certain amount of required words). What else ca be said for what is basically round razor blades?
I was very pleased with the weight and the difference of texture on each side. Suitable for a workshop project on glass.
This is nice for baby blankets. It can split and I do like something with a cotton content a bit better but you do not have to worry about wool allergies with this yarn and the colors are great.
If you have precision cutting that you need to do, these scissors are the perfect choice. You do need to be careful, though, as they are extremely sharp and are not safe for children to use.You can lock them as well to prevent accidents and Fiskars provides replacement springs if one is ever needed. I used my scissors so much that the spring finally wore out; I couldn't find a replacment and emailed Fiskars. They send several to me free of charge with a letter thanking me for my support of their products.
These are good for people with less than perfect eyesight to use for threading needles with small eyes. My only complaint is that sometimes the top ot the eye twists and this makes the loop work poorly. It is next to impossible to untwist it.
I purchased this for my almost 7-year-old daughter. The fringe for knotting is super small and she couldn't get the knots in. The polyester fleece is paper thin and if you pull the knots too tight they stretch/tear. The finished product is not warm. My daughter does like the completed product (completed by her Grandmother). Do not mistake this for anything similar to the fleece projects available with two warm layers attached together.
This table and chair set is just what we were looking for -for our little girl's play room. It is made of great quality wood and was very easy to assemble. The pastel colors are very classy looking and much more affordable than alot of other high-end store sets. We are more than satisfied with the product so far. We, as adults, even sit on the chairs with no issues to have a tea party with our daughter! Love it!
Love the purse hanger! It comes in so handy. And when I recently took a trip to the Southwest, I used it constantly and everyone kept asking where I got it and if it was expensive. And I could honestly tell them, no it was not expensive, easily purchased from Amazon and works great (and my purse is really heavy!)
only one nib really wrote well, and one was good for bluping for filling in other the rest were scratchy and hated to release ink
This machine has a lot of bells and whistles: One-step buttonhole, 60 stitches, 7 different buttonhole styles, etc.However, my major disappointment was that it did not sew through more than 3 layers of material without putting up a fight. The needle gets stuck in the fabric, it makes a horrible noise. Not so good if you want to do something as simple as hem a pair of jeans. Going slow or fast does not seem to make a difference.My wife`s experience has been that if you want a computerized machine that sews through heavy material you're going to have to pay around $499
American Easel Teachers Aide-Natural FirGreat product and fit intended use. The large binder loops are great. Nice product for the classroom
I got what I paid for, it wasn't heavy duty enough for what I needed to do with it. Cheap
I have had this sewing machine for a year and a half, and have used it like crazy. To be honest, I've been bad and have done zero maintenance on it, and this thing has never skipped a beat. It's by far the best standard sewing machine I have ever owned.I absolutely love the variable speed, and how many accessories it comes with. I have encouraged all my close friends who keep asking me to teach them to sew to buy this machine b/c it is easy and intuitive, and it is an amazing machine for the price.
I am not a beginner sewer but I don't do very complicated projects either - (I learned how to sew over 20 yrs ago, but have been sewing inconsistently since then). I will admit I am used to durable Singer sewing machines made in the 70's or earlier.I have made a few simple things on this machine. I have SO much difficulty with any type fabric other than a simple cotton knit. It can't handle fleece or flannel or even thin flannel/vinyl. I've sewn all of these on other machines without any problems.It does have accessory quilting presser foot option for additional purchase. However I'm doubtful that would make any difference.Also, it does jam in reverse (as in it both jams while reversing, AND gets stuck in reverse, unable to return to FWD once it gets going in reverse.The tension is adjustable but it won't hold to the setting I"ve selected (I selected the tension recommended in the manual for the fabric type I'm using).Drop in bobbin system sounds good but hard to get thread under the secret hidden tension spring that they hide under a plastic tongue.Bottom line:can't handle thicker fabricsissues with reversingchinsy plastic casing cracked open on minetension is unreliablebobbin gets jammed (and yes, I threaded it correctly and made sure it went 1) right direction and 2) under the tension springI want to throw it out the window but give it 2 stars because it does have some redeeming qualities:1) portable if you want to take it to class (or carry it to the trashcan!)2) very ergonomic thread cutting system on the L side,3) nifty automatic threader actually works easily4) reliable button holer (that is, if the bobbin will spin.5) great stitch selectionAGAIN, all of the above positives are useless if the tension won't hold or the bobbin won't spin without jamming.
I use this to cut long hairs from my vacuum cleaner's brush roll. It works pretty good. Much better than scissors or a razor blade.
My husband and I love this painting kit. He painted all over my belly and we had a lot of fun and got a lot of cute pictures out of it.
I bought this item a while ago thinking it would be great to do crafts w/ my very young niece or scrapbook items without lugging out my huge sewing machine. I paid $6 for it at a craft store, and I'm glad it wasn't more. I have yet to get a single stitch out of it. The Provo Craft FAQ site wasn't any more help than the instructions that were in the box. Shame, as the concept sounds great, but based on all the reviews I see online - this product falls seriously short of even poor at best.
I purchased this sewing machine almost three years ago. I took it out of the box, sewed a one yard seam to make sure it worked and reboxed it to store until I had room to set it up. When I took it out of the box again and set it up to sew 35' of seam, the hand wheel disengaging plate cover (used when winding bobbins) came off because the plastic hinge pin holding it in place broke.I called Singer to ask about a replacement hinge pin and was told I would have to take it to a regional warranty center for repair at my own expense. When I called a warranty center, I was quoted a price of $59.99 to fix it. I also called local authorized repair centers, but was told they don't usually service these machines because they are a "discount outlet" item.This is my fourth Singer sewing machine in 40 years of sewing. All the rest have been outstanding products that I handed down to others when I got a new one, but this is the last Singer product I'll buy. When you consider the purchase price of a sewing machine you shouldn't have to factor in another $60 to fix a 30 cent plastic pin.
This is a handy tool to have when handling gemstones. I'm very happy with my purchase.
I was searching for a good dye for nylon, the product says it is great. I tried it, did everything it asked, and no good results, poor product.
It all depends on your purpose for these safety pins. I needed them for holding Velcro in place as the Velcro was pulling apart too easily. These safety pins bent as I tried to stab them into the material. The point is sharp, but the surface is rough. This rough point causes the material to cling to the safety pin rather than allow the pin to pass through easily.I would recommend the Dritz Quilter's Safety Pins. They are Nickel plated which makes them smooth and rust resistant.
The descriptions of this product, both here on Amazon and on Artograph's own website, state that an AC adapter is included. But the product I received from Amazon DID NOT include this adapter and, in fact, the packaging clearly says "Optional operation with 9V AC Adapter (not included)". This is really annoying as the inclusion of an adapter was a significant factor in my purchasing decision. Now I have to go somewhere like Radio Shack to buy an adapter, hope it has sufficient wattage, and pay at least 50% of the price of the product itself to get one. Very disappointing.
The product itself is good but does not have all of the necessary material to complete the project. I would probably not purchase this in the future.
I bought these to use for photography, it will work fine for what I want, and I'll likely purchase at least one more to make sure because of the good price, but the edges of the paper were damaged from how it was packaged. It was shipped in a small box just big enough. I'll update after purchasing the second roll.
These shears arrived with no packaging and used! They looked super old and had nicks all over the handles and sticky stuff on the blades. Very disappointing and annoyed that it happened. I'd be very careful when you order. Sometimes you think you are buying something new (especially at full price) and you get something totally different.
The cutting boards I received were not these older, large model boards which I thought they would be. I had not been able to find them anyway and so ordered this item. What arrived was the smaller, repairable model which my family liked, but I had prefereed the cardboard ones.The rating is low because item received was fine, but not the item I had ordered.
This gesso started out thick, but worked well the first time I used it. A few months later it had dried up to the point of being unusable. I had closed the container and stored it properly, but it still dried up. Would not buy this again.
I bought this squeegee to go along with a 10 by 14 inch screen. For the screen size, it's a slightly smaller than what I probably should have purchased. Luckily, I use the paper stencil method, so I only need an 8 inch squeegee. Soon, I think we will uprgrade to a 10 inch one, once I make some new stencils that are a little larger. But the squeegee works great, it cleans up well. Overall, I do like it. One thing I must point out though, you get what you pay for. This squeegee will most likely fall apart in a few months. Since it's inexpensive, I don't have a problem with that. Good luck to those who buy it, I think you'll appreciate it. HAPPY SCREENING
This product appeared sturdy, however I returned it since the fine print at the back of the package indicated that it is made out of a plastic known to cause cancer and genetic defects. Beware!
I just started making this stocking and am already out of blue sequines.nothing worse then trying to make something you dont have enough of
Although this product works, it is very difficult to use. I bought it because I didn't want to pay the significantly higher price for a metal hole punch that could be configured to punch 7 holes for my planner pages. Even when I use it to punch holes in only one sheet at a time, I need to press very hard (so hard it hurts my palms & wrists) and it is difficult to open it up after punching the holes to release the paper. Don't buy this product if you can afford to pay for a metal 7-hole punch. When my budget can afford it, I will get one myself so I don't have to use the plastic one when I'm in the office. It would be ok to use when traveling, as it is very portable and light.
Easy to use and they do the job but now everytime I wear those jeans the patch is clearly outlined because it is stiffer fabric than the jeans. I can't wear those jeans anymore because they look silly.
Was a bit disappointed when I received the item in the mail. Container holding the charcoal was tin-ny and cheap. I guess the contents themselves (pieces of charcoal, other pencils) were all fine- it's just that the presentation/box it came in was lacking. Also discovered that the outside cardboard and plastic packaging was damaged and partly opened. Made me question how reputable the company was- and why I didn't just go for a more recognizable brand (Faber Castell, Strathmore, etc). Disappointed since I was giving it as a gift. Ended up purchasing another set- post-Christmas, a Prisma-Color collection from Strathmore. The packaging/presentation was much nicer. I guess this set would have been fine- if you were looking to pay less money and didn't need it as a gift.
Ordered 4 rolls for $5 each. I thought they were bigger than they were so I had to order another 4. The price went from $5 to $5.50. Today the price is over $9. Something is wrong with this listing. Not too happy with purchase.
I was excited to get a small sewing machine for college, for small projects like totes or hemming lounge pants. This machine was a disappointment and total waste of my $10 at Target. It jams up every few stitches, comes with poor instructions, and it's extremely loud. Sounds like an annoying leaf blower, surprising considering its size. I constantly adjusted the tension and spool; it seemed like the small plastic pieces were either broken or will break any moment. Perhaps I had a defective product, but even so, something that initially worked fine shouldn't fall apart within minutes of use. If it were free, you're better off donating it than letting this waste your space.
This is a huge improvement over the big pc of chalk I used to use. I can make precise lines and save gobs of time. A real winner in my book. In fact, I am ordering another one for a friend who sews and loved it the first time she saw it.
My kids are rough on their jeans, and wear holes in the knees really fast.I apply the patches to the inside of the jeans, to strengthen the knees, and keep the patch hidden. You just flip the jeans inside out, iron the leg, take 45 seconds to iron on the patch, and you're done. It's fast and saves money.Although it only comes with two patches, at 5 by 5 they're a good size. Using a pair of scissors, I can get two to four decent size patches depending on whether I'm just strengthening the knee area in general, or actually trying to patch a hole.Finally, most patches start to come off after a few washes, requiring you to trim the edges to help keep the patch on longer, but i haven't had that problem with these patches yet, which is an added bonus.
as with so many such products, the benefits are illusory; it did not appear at all effective for its purpose as the sewing machine came with an effective case
I have some Itoya display books from years ago with firm, crisp, clear pages. The pages in this book are flimsy and will probably wear out and tear very quickly. Maybe they have another product with stronger pages.
It does what it has to do.But nothing more.I think it is too expensive for what you can do with it.
It is very nice - works beautifully, lots of fancy stitches, and very easy to use. I especially like the fact that it plants the needle in the fabric automatically when you take your foot of the pedal.
I haven't even opened the sewing machine box, but UNFORTUNATELY, the information in Amazon's review doesn't tell you that it comes with its own hard-sided case. Instead, they bundle with it the Brother Universal Case and offer a good deal on it. Good deal, unless you don't realize you don't need it!So, save yourself the trip to the USPO and the hassle and DO NOT BUY THE CASE!
I've had this machine little more than two weeks, and every day I run into some sort of problem. For $100 you can't expect great quality, and you certainly don't get it with this machine.
Lots of brilliant colors! Nice price! Just right of earrings,bracelets,and necklaces! Love the sparkle! I'll have fun with these!
My son's #1 fave color is purple. So I was a little annoyed that there was light blue, dark blue...but no purple! The paper is a little on the thin side, but nice vibrant colors.
I never regretted splurging on this cutter, even though I've only needed it a few times. In fact, it's *because* I rarely cut glass that it is so useful. An ordinary cutter requires practice: Too little pressure and the glass won't cut; too much and the cutter wanders. The Toyo Supercutter has a tap wheel that makes a deeper score, plus a delivery system for lubricant. After using a hardware-store cutter to mess up several window panes, I bought the Toyo even though it is designed (and priced) for glassworkers. Every cut has been perfect--no exaggeration. Quality tools are worth it.
Item received on time in a damaged box. The hole punch was not damaged in transit but the workmanship is very bad. Quality control is non existent. Everything is hard to adjust and it doesn't cut clean holes. The way it was packaged I got the impression it had been returned once before which is what I should have done. The only reason I didn't is because I needed the 11/32" holes which is hard to find in a 3-hole punch.
It's the first time I use single paper bags for christmas gifts and I am realli happy with them because of the quality an size. Thanx...!!!!
Although I knew the limitations of this product, I couldn't enlarge it enough to see the numbers. I was going to use this when making dresden plates to round off the top of the piece. But I won't be able to do so. The pitch of the curve isn't enough for small pieces.
A spray regulator is a routine replacement item for Badger airbrushes. The product was quickly shipped and the price was right. Badger supplies parts and service for their airbrushes at a most reasonable cost (usually shipping only)and provides outstanding customer support. I have five Badger airbrushes for this reason and have never had reason to complain about their design or function.
At first try these scissors are great. They are super sharp and cut through 8 standard sheets of paper with ease. What I found after using them for a while is that the hand grips are slightly small. I don't have large hands but my 3 fingers in the one grip are mashed together. I can't imagine a man trying to use them. So the blades are sharp, they cut very smoothly, but the grips on the handles need enlarging. Recommended for very small hands.
i added this color to my palette and I use it for everything from skin tones to landscapes. All Schmincke watercolors are wonderful.
I have recently started to learn quilting and these pins make things so much easier for me. I believe these will make things easier for me.
When researching inks (the Fountain Pen Network forum is a great resource), one will quickly find that Noodler's Ink is very popular among those interested. The company produces an unusually wide selection of inks. Despite this range, each ink is generally well-balanced and behaved. Their Bulletproof Black is no exception - it's a very well behaved ink that doesn't feather or bleed. The fact that it's waterproof on paper gives me peace of mind, and if I wrote checks, I would probably do it with this ink. The only negative thing that I can think of is that this ink and many other Noodler's Inks exhibit so-called "nib-creep." While writing, you'll notice that some ink comes out of the slit on the nib and creeps outwards. Some may consider this unattractive, but I'd say that the other positives greatly outweigh this problem. Besides, I sort of like the look of a little ink on the nib.An individual bottle of Noodler's ink may seem a little expensive at first, but when I buy one, I really feel like I'm getting my money's worth. Each bottle is 3 ounces, which, in case you don't have a fountain pen, lasts a very long time. I'm a college student, and even if I write with the same ink for an entire semester, every day, I'd be surprised if I'd make it a third of the way through the bottle.To be honest, I think that Noodler's Ink makes a good role model for a small businesses. They're very generous in the amount of ink per bottle - each one is literally filled to the brim; make sure you don't spill when you first open it! And of course, they're based in the USA, which gives me a little sense of pride. Overall, the ink and the company behind it deserve 5 stars.Amazon, on the other hand, could do some improvement. The ink was pretty poorly packaged, and I felt that it was a little miracle that it didn't shatter during shipping. Amazon or whoever packages it should put some more bubble wrap around the ink bottle to be safe.
This ornament display is perfect as a permanent home for items you want to showcase that are this particular size.
I bought the rock tumbler, refill kit and book about rocks for my 6 year old. He loves collecting rocks so it was good to buy the book to show him how many different kinds of rock there are and how rock formations are created. There are several steps to polishing the rocks which a 6 year old doesn't have patience for but I did involve my son in each step and with the help of the book, explained how the rock tumbler was speeding up a process that otherwise takes decade's in nature. The ability to create jewelry with the finished polished semi precious gems was a fun activity to do together. My son gave some away as gifts that he was proud to create.
I'm a firm believer in you get what you pay for and if you're going to spend money on something buy quality.The Pinking shears I purchased were produced in Italy for Gingher. The shears were large, bulky and very stiff. I cut through canvas with no issues, however when trying to pink a sheer cotton, I could only get through half the cutting range before the shears became bound, and stretched the fabric. I borrowed another pair from the sewing parlour, which were not as bulky and made in Brazil which cut the delicate fabric with no issues.I complained to Ginger and true to their reputation they promptly sent me another pair (Italian). Unfortunately it couldn't cut the delicate cotton on any part of the cutting range except for the last three teeth at the tip.I have six other pairs of knife edge Gingher shears, and recommend them highly, but for Pinking shears I would look elsewhere, I went the Olfa rotary route for my lighter fabrics and will pull these out when working on heavier projects.As for the build quality, there are unfinished portions of the shears from forging, and a lot of burs I had to remove from the bottom edges of the teeth. All the other Gingher products are so polished, that I was underwhelmed by the finish on both the purchased and replaced shears.
I bought this pounce because I hate having blue lines running through my quilt top from marking with water soluble pens. I had read reviews on the website and on here, and figured it was worth a shot. I had to remark my quilt using a stencil 3 times. The chalk just faded away and I could barely see it in some areas. For that single quilt I also used about half of the powder that comes with it. It did iron off nicely - what stayed on that is. I would like to try the blue powder and see if it is more favorable, but hesitant to order more. This wasn't my first quilt or marking experience. I gave it 3 stars because compared to some other products I have used, it is a little more manageable.
Wow--this is well over $2 a skein than from the actual manufacturer. Other sellers from other sites have it priced at about $3.50-$4.00. This is disappointing because I do trust shopping online here. Since I can't find this yarn in the stores here anymore, and need a good 8 more skeins to finish this large afghan, I will take a chance and order at the half-price point somewhere else and hope the other site is legit.
I like the look of this magnetic clasp, but they aren't strong enough. I've had customers complain about the magnets pulling apart way too easily. So they are beautiful, but not terribly useful.
If you have a work bench and can nail/screw the base of this lamp, it might be ok. It advertises that it can be clamped to the edge of a desk, but the clamp is not sturdy enough on its own to hold the lamp/magnifier upright.Assembly of the lamp is not difficult, I did like the magnifying glass feature, but the first time I moved the lamp, it fell out of the base/clamp onto the floor & the light bulb (not included) broke. The return policy was excellent & I used that the day after I bought the lamp. Nice concept, very cheaply executed.I do not recommend this product. See also the reviews for ALVIN Magnifier Swing-arm Lamp Black, also sold by Amazon. There are 21 reviews of that one, most of them positive, so maybe it's me.
I can't believe that Amazon is selling this kind of crap! If I did not know better, and then again maybe I don't, I could swear that someone put a used pair of Pinking Shears in the box because these things won't even cut muslin. It is very frustrating. If these had not been bought so early by my son for a birthday present for me, I would have sent them back. They are just awful.
This item is junk. Their warranty says it all: the machine has to be returned under the warranty within 60 days, and the customer has to pay shipping both ways! IOW, $5.99 must be included with the machine for warranty service!This tells me that they know their product is junk, and they don't want to see any of them coming back on warranty.When it comes down to it, any company who makes a faulty product should be required to retrieve it at their expense, and then send it back fixed!The machine skips stitches all the time, is hard to use, and the seam either unravels as fast as you sew, or it unravels when you're trying to get the machine off the fabric.Bad design, junky product, good marketing.
I'm a visiting nurse, and I go house to house using these scissors on anything from rayon tape, to denim for cutting pants open to let a patient put a cast through their pants.I bought multiple pairs because in my line of work, I go through a pair of scissors every few months depending on my patients care.These, you can't sharpen. I have tried and they are not worth it to get them done professionally.So, I buy them for the price and the color. Other nurses don't have gold scissors, so they are easy to claim as mine!So, I gave them 3 stars (because they don't have half stars) for price, moderate durability, and color.For the price they hold up for $5, so you can't really complain. They really weren't made to cut pants, cardboard, and plastic.Oh, I'm writing this on the patients account, who found them for me. and purchased them. I paid him back. But he asked me to write a review. Otherwise I'd never write one. (snicker)
I want to learn calligraphy, and I bought this set because its price point is right for a new hobby. Today I cracked open the box for the first time, wanting to use the Medium nib, because I figured that was a good thing to start with. But it wasn't there!! I have two nibs of the same size, both labeled "B" (for Broad?) and one labeled "F" for fine. Does this mean my set was used?? Beware: you get what you pay for.However, to my untrained eye/hand, the pens do seem to work nicely.
All I want a 3-hole punch to do is: 1) to punch 3-holes in several pages at once, 2) to do its task without getting stuck, 3) to punch the holes neither so close to the edge that they'll soon tear through the paper nor so deeply into the paper as to make turning the pages of the notebook difficult, and 4) to last long enough to make the punch the last punch I'll need to buy.It's really not that much of a list; yet, judging from the punches I've previously encountered -- including a $40-$50 punch used at most of the offices I've worked at -- the list has always seemed unreasonably exacting!!!No more. This punch easily has measured up for the first three requirements. As for the last, I suspect that it will match up there as well. It's hard to see how it might not. But, even if it only lasts one of the two decades that may remain to me, it remains a bargain at this price ($17.49 at this writing -- virtually the same price I paid several years ago for a totally frustrating punch that can't gracefully handle even 5 pages at a time and that requires careful attention to avoid loading even a single sheet straight enough to end up with three holes instead of two holes plus a half moon).If, by the time you read this, the price on this unit has doubled, don't hesitate: Buy it anyway. You'll still get your money's worth since you'll have a punch that matches up to my unreasonable requirements.All who have been frustrated by 3-hole punches will surely welcome this. It's glorious: man has not only figured out how to get to the moon and back but also (at long last) how to make a reliable three-hole punch! For we who will never get to walk the moon, we can at least finally enjoy a 3-hole punch that does its job to perfection.
I was so excited getting this for my 2 girls that are 5 & 7. They love crafts. Anything to do with drawing, coloring, etc. But, the dry erase portion of this item doesn't come clean well at all. The first time they drew on it with the Dry Erase markers, it hardly wiped off. They lost interest in it pretty quickly after that. I paid only $28.00 for it on sale.. and am still a bit disappointed with my purchase.
I love this cartridge. It's 1 of my 11 cartridges for my Cricut Expression. I decided to make all my Christmas Cards this year. 95 of them, which were made over a 2 week period. A few hours each day. They were a huge hit. I think maybe I'll try to get a head start this year, maybe a little earlier so I'm not so rushed. Also, this cart was perfect for all my scrapbook layouts.
. Love this item. Not only organizes your bobbins but you can see what you have at a glance and the bobbins stay tightly in place in the organizer
this pen did nothing but ruin my photos. i have one dog that has real green eyes and they always come out red and a grandaughter and hers always come out red. i have tried different applications, but nothing works. i didn't send them back because of the cost of postage. i would appreciate a response to this email review because maybe there is something magical i'm not doing. twyla vienneau
I loved these brushes. I had received a package at a ceramice trade show. But, couldn't find any for sale in my area suitable for ceramic painting.
I was shocked when I got my order. It was one piece of carbon paper. the cost to ship it was three times more then the product cost. and it was only the size of a charge card. to send it back would of done no good. the cost was stupid. First time I have ever felt ripped off.. Very disappointed.. No reason for this to happen..
I've been using Prismacolor Markers for five years now, and I've never needed anything more than them. They're a cheap alternative to Copics, which are better in quality sure, but are much more expensive. There's also a bit more of a color variety for Copics, but Prismas cover the basics.The one thing you learn to hate about them is how badly they bleed. If you're drawing in a sketchbook, unless you want the three pages behind it to be colored as well, you have to place paper beneath it. I've learned that two to three sheets of scrap paper work just fine. The second problem I've ran into with them is that there's a bit of a color difference in both nibs. The broad nib colors a bit darker, and bleeds much heavier than the fine end. But I suppose that's to be expected.If you're on a budget and you just want a set of markers that aren't Crayola, I'd recommend these. If you're a hardcore wannabe Mangaka or Comic Artist, I'd go with the Copics if you can afford them.Myself, I'm a casual artist that draws for fun and nothing else. If you're like me, these will work just fine for you.
I want everyone to know just how wonderful this sewing machine is! It is truly super easy to set up...let's put it this way....my mother in law has a sewing machine at her house & she showed me how to sew for about an hour. We did not thread anything, prepare bobbins, etc. Just the very basics. I was so excited to learn more, I researched & bought this machine. Hoping it was just as easy to use as the reviews claims....it is!!! I read the instructions & put everything together by myself! I sew everyday & love it!! To anyone out there wanting to start or already sews, this machine is awesome! Shipping was fast & would buy this again & again.
Recipient liked it. There is nothing more to say my friend liked this stocking she really liked it a lot.
Originally when I purchased 2 sets of calligraphy pens, one arrived in perfect condition, the other had exploded in an inky tsunami somewhere along the line. I posted my comments on Amazon, and the next day, [...], refunded me my money for the broken ink set and also gave me a 25 dollar coupon to use (which is super cool). However, in addition to these great things, they asked politely that I remove my scathing comments from Amazon.com.So, I go to use the coupon and after a couple days, they cancel my order and give me nothing. These people suck and will rip you off.
I own 5 machines, my daughters each have their own also. This is our new favorite. Great decorative stiches. Be sure to get the quilt table that attaches. I've made 3 quilts on it so far. LOVE IT!
I was overjoyed when I first got the machine Brother CS6 000i). But when I actually started using it, I became disappointed. However, amazon promptly provided free UPS for a return.Although not all of the many different stitches were tried, many of the ones I tried did not hold their consistancy of form. Also, on every stitch I tried after about 3 inches, the thread got messed up. I tried the trouble shooting solutions given in the book, but became discouraged when that did not work. I have sewn for years and just can't stand a machine that does not work. Technology is just too good to put out a product that is not pretty close to perfect.Another problem I had was the buttonhole. I read the directions very carefully and thought I was following them, but the machine refused to feed the fabric. For me, a reliable, easy buttonhole maker is essential. Admittedly, I did not call Brother. It was just too annoying. Perhaps others have had more success than I.To do the different stitches different feet and codes are required. To my thinking, there should only be one foot so all you have to do is punch the stitch you want. Quilting and some other sewing may require special feet, but not changing feet all the time to change the stitch. Brother needs to work on this.Having said all this, I am still looking for a Brother sewing machine, just not one so fancy. And I will buy locally so return (hopefully not) is easier. Amazon is a good place to buy however. I use it all the time.
This pad is great for learning the slant for the Italic hand. I wish there was an introduction on how to use this pad because other calligraphers have found it hard to use. However, I was blessed to have Carrie Imai who has mastered the Italic hand to show me how to use the pad through her correspondences Italic class through the mail. This pad is a great tool for anyone who is having problems obtaining consistent slant in their Italic Calligraphy.
I bought this mini iron to use on ribbons for greeting card crafting. These are the problems I have with it:-The cord is only 56" long and the enclosed directions forbid the use of an extension cord.-The directions also state that this product should be used with an ironing board. One of the reasons I bought this mini iron was to avoid having to set up the ironing board. I ignored this particular instruction, and used a cloth napkin on a wooden table as my 'ironing board'--a low wooden table, since the iron's cord is so short.-Even though I let the mini iron heat up for several minutes, it didn't perform efficiently. My ribbon still had wrinkles after I finished ironing it. There is no light that goes on when the iron is hot enough, and nothing in the enclosed directions states how long it takes for the iron to heat up to its working temperature. I would have thought that five minutes should have been more than enough time for this mini iron to reach maximum temperature.My advice to potential buyers: don't waste your money on this mini crafting iron.
We bought a Singer Featherweight 132 back in 2005 because we thought it would be a good machine for a newbie to sewing. I chalked up the 3 needle breaks that happened right away, as well as all the thread breaking, stitch problems, bobbin snarling, and so on, to my ignorance. But things went so badly that I gave up and put the machine away for about 3 years. Last fall I got it back out and, with the help of my mother, got it running well enough to make curtains for three rooms in my house plus a baby blanket and burp cloth set. I thought I was finally home free.This morning I was finishing up curtains for a bedroom and the machine jammed up so that the arm will no longer move and there's a horrible "clunking" sound if you try to force it. I've looked around inside and I think it's the cheap plastic gear part that other folks have mentioned because everything else seemed fine.I believe I'll just ask for a different machine for Mother's Day and get some advice from people who work with sewing machines for a living. Apparently our research steered us wrong with this one, which is too bad because I was just starting to feel comfortable with it.
I buy Red Heart Super Saver yarn because I can get a lot for a little, but it's honestly not my favorite yarn. It's rough, although it softens up a bit in the wash. I prefer yarn that is soft to the touch right out of the skein. I also don't think it wears well. After a few washes, it begins to look a little ragged.Super Saver does have some redeeming qualities. It is cheap, and easier for a beginner to work with than some of the specialty yarns that sometimes require us to work by feel. The colors are consistent from skein to skein. When they say no dye lot, they mean it. I have never had trouble mixing old and new yarns. The colors always match.PROS:+ inexpensive+ no dye lot+ easy for beginners to work withCONS:- feels rough but will soften up a little in the wash- doesn't wear well over timeI personally wouldn't choose this yarn to make a gift. I sometimes buy it for whatever reason and always regret it, because then I'll have a stash I need to use up. They're okay for adult blankets or stuffed animals._______________________UPDATE: Try as I might to get away from it, I still use a lot of Super Saver and the pile grows. I make the most of it by combining the colors. I'm horrible at that, so I use the colors on other patterns and make my own pattern with those colors. Add Super Saver Ranch Red, Cafe and Coffee to the linen color for a soothing combination.
Bought this for my wifes birthday. She loves it! You can't go wrong with a Singer. The name has such a strong brand recognition in the industry. I wouldn't have settled for anything less. Price was great. Got it sooner than what the shipping date was expected.
I purchased this punch less than one year ago. I use it in my home business which is tutoring--only one person uses it and it hasn't lasted one year. What happens is the internal parts break around the punch heads so you would end up having to replace all three punch heads and become a mechanic to replace them. I learned, after calling the company, that the punch heads are much more than simply the small pin that cuts paper on this model--it's an entire metal piece that hangs from a metal bar. So, I'm throwing out my hole punch after about 8 months of use...
After buying a Lamy Safari on a whim, upon reading all of the rave reviews about Noodlers Ink I decided I would give it a shot. Unfortunately, I cannot share the enthusiasm other people have about this ink.Since I am new to fountain pens, I don't have a lot to compare it to other than the default cartridge the Safari comes with. Whereas the default cartridge wrote smoothly and, aside for a few issues here and there, consistently, the Noodlers Ink comes out unevenly and only when it feels like coming out. I find myself having to rewrite letters/words every sentence or so, which makes writing an incredible nuisance. The Lamy cartridge put down a dark color, while this Noodlers comes out a dull grey for me, despite hearing claims of it being extremely black.And finally, being a lefty, quickly-drying ink is of utmost importance. I would have to try pretty hard to get the Lamy cartridge's ink to smudge, but the Noodlers takes an immensely long time to dry, forcing me to do all-too-familiar hand acrobatics games as I write. It is no exaggeration to say that this ink was still wet after five minutes. Maybe it's a good thing that the ink doesn't come out consistently after all!Basically, my point is this: I couldn't really be more displeased with this ink than I am. If I hadn't used the Lamy cartridge before having tried this ink, I probably would have felt as though buying the pen was a gigantic waste of money. I'm not turned off from fountain pens yet, but I am turned off of this ink. Perhaps it works well for those of you with larger nibs, but it is next to useless in my EF. I'm not sure what to do with the rest of this bottle, or what ink I should try next. Sigh.
The heading says this is 1/4" wide, but I got shipped 1/2" and if you look at the enlarged image it shows 1/2" too. Wish I could find 1/4".
This is one of the best toys my 18 month old girl has.She is learning how to count and already knows to mach all the colors.I love it.
I don't know if they need to lube up the area around the screw or what, but after the scissors shut to a certain point, they were difficult for my daughter to open. I bought another brand of safety scissors at the grocery store and they were much better. These were really cheap though, so I guess I got what I paid for.
great for what I need taking picture works good for background would buy again lots of cool colors nice and thick
The pencils work great, but in my set the softest pencil had a design flaw. I think the glue they used to connect the two halves of the pencil together was too hard, or too much. Whenever I sharpen the pencil, it catches on that glue seam. Because the "lead" is so soft, that jolt tends to break the charcoal just within the wood. This leads to never-ending (very, very careful!) sharpening, and a pencil that I probably only got about 25% use out of.
It's a see through ruler. It does what it's supposed to and is relatively hard to break. No complaints here.
I was so excited to receive this vacuum - it's so light and easy to maneuver. It's pretty powerful too for a lightweight vacuum cleaner.It does have a big drawback, though. The filter gets clogged up really quickly...I'd say after vacuuming one large room. Yes, you can open the canister and dump out the loose debris - but the finer grey dust and hair clogs up the filter and you cannot just dump it. The filter has to be WASHED to unclog the filter. And then it has to sit out to dry before you can use it again.If you try to vacuum more when the filter is clogged, it won't vacuum well...even small pieces of loose debris on the rug won't get vacuumed up when the filter is clogged.So what happens is, you start vacuuming, get finished one room and it gets clogged and doesn't vacuum as well. So then you need to clean out the filter, which requires washing and you really can't use it for a long period of time.If it wasn't for this major drawback, I would LOVE this vacuum. But this major drawback is just that...it's a big problem. So I would not recommend this, unless you live in a place that is about the size of a Manhattan apartment.
I had originally bought this product because I was a few dollars off from qualifying for Free Shipping. I had expected it to be dried and worthless, but was surprised to find that it really worked quite well on photos, construction paper, and other pictures. However, it has lost some of its effectiveness over time, especially because it's located on a desk right next to a small space heater that is constantly on. If you do a lot of arts and crafts and can use this glue stick in less than 2 months, it's worth it.
Although relatively inexpensive, these scissors do not cut very well. There are "dead-spots" along the cutting surface, which is frustrating for the detail work we do. We would gladly pay twice as much for a similar scissor as long as the entire blade edge cut true on each tool. These scissors might be okay for a paper hobby-ist who would occasionally use them, but not for professionals who need good cutting tools everyday of the week.
First off, I am a dedicated Moleskine user. Love the smaller notebooks.However, I was very disappointed by the sketch book. The interior pages are a very slick "card stock" type of paper. For those of you with the regular journals, the same stock that is used to make the title pages where it says "In case of loss:". Basically it feels like 3x5 card stock.Water based inks smudge on this paper like crazy, and the low absorption also leads to irregular ink spread.This smooth paper might be fine for some mediums, but I didn't like it for Pencil, Charcoal, Conte Crayon, and Water Based ink, which is pretty much the items I use for sketching. Pens that feature ink thick enough not to smear are usually poor for drawing. Maybe I should have seen that it's recommended for Tempura color... I personally don't see this used for painting. I think of my sketchbook as a place for drawing.Maybe next time I'll try a "Watercolor" Journal, this one is now property of my 5 year old. It should work well with Crayon. For now it's back to Strathmore....
Color nothing like I thought it would be. Kept it figure I might be able to use it some time down the road! Tube itself appeared old and worn. No recommendation here!!
I was hoping this product would have been designed alittle better. I love it for the storage and organization it gives, however the drawers don't seem to stay on the tracks. Every time you pull out a drawer, it falls off the track. Even the slightest movement with the product takes the drawers of its tracks. I would have expected a better product for the money I spent!StacyIndianapolis, In
This little gadget works like a charm! I have used it to decorate knitted purses and hats. Fun and easy to use. Instructions make it easy to understand. Just DON'T lose the instructions!
Although I'm an artist, I don't use pastels. But I bought this box for storing jewelry. It's perfect for small pieces and you can stand your more traditional jewelry box on top of it.
This is a very bad design in paper punch. It is heavy and full of friction. The handle does not move freely. A lot of efforts to move it up and down. The punched paper waste get stuck inside the vertical holes and does not come out on its own. After a few heavy use, we have to take it apart and use shop press to push the paper waste out. To keep the paper from stuck inside the holes, we had to spray WD40 oil lubriacnt to make paper free to move. What a disaster. Absolutely do not recommend anyone to buy this product. I regretted that I kept it too long before I think about returning it.
These are now made in, of course, Communist China like almost everthing else sold in the U.S. except major appliances, land and at least up to now, automobiles. The box is wood, unlike what another reviewer said. They claimed it is made of plastic. The plastic box comes with a different set of knives. I use these knives to fix imperfect mat cuts in the corners when they occur when I cut mats for my photos. The blades are VERY sharp! So if you like Chicom products, add this one to your collection.
This is a terrific item. It holds a huge number of threads and bobbins, but the profile is very flat so it takes up very little space against the wall of my sewing table. I'm happy with this purchase.
This paper is NOT magenta. It is downright PURPLE! Not AT ALL the color I was looking for. Also the paper was not the soft &#34;construction paper&#34; texture I expected, but I leave that as my fault.
I haven't used buttoneer to fasten buttons but I've had fabulous luck using it for other applications. As a Girl Scout leader, I use the buttoneer to attach badges to the girls uniforms. They love the immediate gratification and the Mother's can chose to leave it attached via buttoneer or sew it down later. This was the badges are never misplaced. I just discovered a that the buttoneer is an excellent replacement for hand tacking special details on my daughters ballet costumes, and it saved me HOURS of frustration. I'm sure I'll find additional uses in this busy household!
I love these pens. I'm an art supply nut so I'm constantly getting art stuff to try out and I really enjoy these pens.
I needed a lot of something clay-ish that would have to dry very quickly overnight. This was quite marshmellowy material that still remained a little spongy after 24 hours. It did what I needed it to do for a children's craft but it didn't achieve the hardness I desired.
This gallon of paint does not have a smooth texture, there are lumps in it. My son uses it for body paint at high school sporting events.
I grew up on Prismacolor pencils using them since the 1960's. They used to work great. I don't know what happened but lately they break with the lightest pressure. Some pencils have been totally unusable. I never had to use any special sharpener. The prismacolor sharpener on Amazon didn't get very good reviews either. I'm switching brands. My fellow artists in the animation industry have shared the same story with me- worthless colored powder.
I have tried this product on various items and it just doesnt work. The coverage is streaking and looks smeared. There is not a consistant look to it. I have tried various amounts and used numerous types of stencils. Would not recommend wasting money.
Thought this was going to be a decent size (larger) bag. Disappointed in value of product, but otherwise product is fine and as advertised.
The set of 9&#34; needles are VERY nicely made. Smooth with not too pointy tips , nice warm feel to them.
My daughter got this for Christmas. We had no idea it takes nearly a month from start to finish to get polished stones, but I suppose it's a good lesson in patience for a 10 year old. It does not say anything on the box about the wait period, or the fact that the noisy tumbler must be running constantly for the entire time. Fortunately, we have a basement where the tumbler is humming away while not disturbing anyone. I recommend placing the tumbler in the box top it comes in, to avoid "traveling" while the motor runs.All in all, the toy is certainly educational, but it takes a LOOOONG time to get results, and is not for folks who live in close quarters.
I bought this machine from a 3rd party (rugbykingpin) through the Amazon Website. This machine DID NOT perform as listed and never did sew right on anything more than light fabric. I tried to return it but, this merchant WOULD not allow a return for ANYTHING but what they considered defective. DO NOT BUY FROM THIS MERCHANT if you are NOT entirely sure about the product you are buying. I attempted to leave poor feedback and removed it, because I had mispelled a word and found out that I cound NOT leave feedback again or change anything!!! Kind of scammy I think.
I thought this would be about an inch or so in circumference, but it is less than a half inch. Very tiny stamp, and very cheaply made. The stamp is not very deep either so the image is very shallow in the wax.
5 year old loves this! The holders suck, but we have had no issues with the markers not washing off. She enjoys writing in the bathtub, and this is a good way for her to improve her writing hand as suggested by her kindergarten teacher.
This yarn works fine. But I did find that it easily unravels when knitting with 4 bamboo needles. That is to say it is easily "skewered".However, I would try knitting a sweater with it as it is really soft.
I bought this machine about a year ago, and was so excited to have my first Serger! Very soon after though the problems began. First I had problems threading the machine with the poor quality tweezers that were included with it. Then, once I did get it threaded the stitching was always off. I would try to adjust the machine, as the video told me too, but I still had no success. A few months later the light bulb burnt out, and the threads kept breaking. And then, just two days ago, the machine jammed, and it bent some of the pieces inside. Now it won't work at all! I talked to a helpful employee at a local store about the problems that I had been having, wondering if I was doing something wrong, and she told me that the White brand of machines was the worst brand I could have purchased, and that I should trash that one and just get a new one. So some advice to all those out there...don't but any White brand machines (I also have a White sewing machine that doesn't work either). The price is attractive, but the repair bills won't be.
I bought this to cut paper and lightweight cardstock. The blade isn't sharp enough to cut either of those. The construction of the product itself is good but the blade is dull and useless. Maybe I got a refurbished item and they didn't tell me or something? Not sure. Disappointed, though.
Very cute table with a real wooden umbrella. Not too difficult to put together, had it all done in less than an hour. I did find it at [...] for [...] though. Even with shipping and tax it was still less than [...].
I bought this machine in January at a B&M store. I didn't do any research because I just wanted a basic machine and had read good reviews for Brother machines. This weekend I finally needed to use it to recover 5 cushions. What should have taken a couple of hours used up a whole weekend causing headaches and much cursing. I had to finish the project so I continued to deal with the bobbin clogging up, thread tangling in the upper mechanism, huge knots on the bottom of my fabric. I finished this morning hand sewing the final two seams. It's too late to take it back; I've learned a lesson here. It's going in the trash with less than 20 hours on it. My hb said to sell it or give it away, how could I do that knowing what a piece of trash it is?
The color is a really a washed-out black/ dark gray. You get what you paid for. Spend more if you need black paper.
This magnifying glass is totally to little. Its sitting on my shelf, because you really can't use it for nothing. Its not worth the money.
This was a gift for our daughter, along with a sewing machine. She will use it infrequently so it is a compact and convenient way to store it.
I am new to the world of origami so this is the first set of quality paper I have purchased. Although my earlier sets were easier to fold crisply, this paper has a beautiful weight to it and the 20 pieces of paper with the patterns and gold highlights are stunning. I don't even want to use several, they are so beautiful! They remind me of the breathtaking kimonos you occasionally see in photos.The smaller size is perfect for small projects (I'm working on some crane earrings right now), though I wish this paper came in larger sizes, like a 6" or even an 8" to make boxes.Overall, although it can be a little tricky to work with, this paper will help you achieve gorgeous pieces, and I highly recommend it.
The main body of the machine is ok. But the split tip of the plastic large spool pin broke after a couple of use. There is only one in the package. I tried to glue it but it didn't hold. I searched for it on the internet. No luck and saw other users have the same problem and looking for the same part. Then, I call the customer service number on the manual (they don't have a web site. can you believe it!). They told me no one else carry their parts because they are the manufacturer, and they don't have the spool pin becuase this machine is so small. I tried to give feedback and they hang up on me. So, although the machine body is still good, it's useless without the spool pin.
I am not happy with the limited size of the item that i want to copy 9that i can add to the projector). I should have held out for a more expensive model
I bought this years ago for full retail price. I was excited to get an embroidery machine and sewing combination. The plan was to use only one machine but it turned out not to be a good idea as the feed dogs kept popping up during embroidery. I finally permanently removed them as it kept destroying my projects. Since then very little issues with embroidery but disappointed that I couldn't get it to work for both. The E setting for tension is usually too loose so be prepared to turn up that tension.Something I wish I would have known, the hand dial for the needle has a serious design flaw. It is gapped just enough that you can get your fingers and palm pinched and cause blood blisters or even draw blood. So painful! This would have been enough for me to buy another machine.Also, the software was a pain to install years ago and I have worked as an IT tech writing programs and setting up networks, replacing computer parts, installing software for several years. They did fix this when I upgraded my home computer but unfortunately, this was an additional expense for me as I had to buy an upgrade software for $100! I was not happy and felt Singer should have made this update available for free considering how much this machine cost when it first came out.The embroidery is painfully slow, takes about two hours for anything with intricate details and the centering isn't always accurate. I recommend saving up and buying something else. I was a diehard Singer fan, have had one for nearly 25 years, but they are not the workhorses they once were. Now they are cheap, poorly designed and don't perform consistently.
I am surprised people like this awful paper cutter! It cuts paper just like as if you were to fold the paper and tear it, leaves a jagged edge. Don't buy this, spend the extra $5 or less and get a Fiskars one. Their trimmers are better quality and give a nice clean cut. It works, cuts paper, but you do not want to use it for a project were the cut edge will show. If you just want to cut 12x12 in half to use with your cricut then it would work.
really,all this is is packing tape that I could have gotten at walmart or anywhere for alot cjeaper price!! not a good purchase!
My Item arrived really fast and in good shape, but once applying the ring guard to my ring , and by the way i made sure i did this right, it slips around and around my ring, instead of staying on the bottom, they slide around to the top, and i keep having to turn my ring back around, it is very annoying, and in my opinion not worth buying.....
The Amazon.com service on this order was excellent. However, shipment of this item was handled improperly. There were no "Fragile" markings or other special handling instructions on the package and it was loosely packed in newsprint. As a result, the machine arrived with a broken case and is completely inoperable. At this point I am awaiting disposition instructions from the seller. Return postage is to be paid by the seller.Thank you, Amazon, for your immediate response and refund of purchase price.
Being sharpies, I expected a smoother and more accurate marker than these. The tip is really hard, and in two of the five markers it had imperfections that made the trace look shabby. It was really hard to get any nice work done with them. In the end I had to go back to the calligraphy pen to make my wedding signs, because these markers were practically useless.
This is one of those items that really is too good to be true. I've read reviews of people saying that it doesn't work because the stitching just pulls out and because it doesn't have a second bobbin underneath, but that actually isn't true. If you pull the tailend thread through the fabric, you can tie it off and it'll hold the stitching. And the thread actually loops onto a hook underneath, where you would expect a second bobbin to be, and that's how it makes stitches.The REAL issue with this is that the thread often slips off the the hook in the middle of sewing and you have a bunch of loose stitches. When it doesn't slip, it's great! Too bad it doesn't ever NOT slip. I managed to sew one seam of a dress I was making, the first seam, and after that it wouldn't sew without dropping stitches. Luckily I got this as a gift, and it has inspired me to start sewing, but now I need to get my hands on a actual machine that ACTUALLY sews. Don't waste your $10 + shipping on this!! Put it towards a real machine.
I bought this rock tumbler for my 6-year old daughter, who is very scientific minded. She understood the lengthy process and happily helped me to prepare the tumbler for the first set of rocks. We had a few initial problems with leaks, but like many others, rectified that with a smear of vaseline.The major problem, however, is that the plastic barrel started to wear away before the end of the medium-grit cycle, leaving several holes in the barrel, through which all the water leaked.It is very disappointing that we are not able to complete the polish cycle with this tumbler. Despite the reasonable price, you would expect the product to at least last to complete one set of rocks! Definite waste of money.
This sketch paper is just what I needed to use for pattern drafting and I couldn't be more happy with my purchase. Though I wish I had gotten it a bit wider to help accommodate more complex patterns, it works marvelously for draping and quick drafting and is very easy to handle, even on the roll.
This compressor is easy to set up, tiny, quiet, and feels very solid. It works great with my Badger airbrush, and the assembly was really easy. It's slightly louder than an aquarium pump, but isn't bad at all. Were I to be working in a room with a closed door, you'd never know it was running (even with the thin walls of my apartment!)
My husband and I love this, so much my husband asked me to buy a second on. I want one for my Mpact girls group and my husband wants one for home.
cheap quality, moves around when you revolve the blade, so circles are not perfect, has many quality flaws. plastic flexes, the grip at the bottom center doesnt grip the paper, but if youre just cutting for cutting's sake nothing important, just something sketch, this is a product to buy.
my daughter made a beautiful ceramic plate for us for the holidays. I needed a stand so that I could display it. Great quality - sturdy, highlights the plate in the perfect way.
Great price and it feels good, but, I do a lot of intricate work; this airbrush is disappointing. To get the &#34;fine line&#34; the medium must be diluted so much, quality of the line is poor. I am going to convert to number two hardware rather than the number one hardware but that will cause the fine line aspect to be lost.
My daughter loves these kind of stamp kits. The stamps them self are wonderful..and here's the but, the ink pad is dry. I tried everything to get the bone dry ink pack to work but nothing worked. I have a very ill daughter and there isn't much that she can do and has limited things that she can do. She was so happy to get it and opened it right away... I was with her as she needs help her open the package. Then my little girl started to cry. The ink pad was dry and nothing I did fixed it. So I had a crying little girl who is VERY sick. Read between the lines, a dry ink pad isn't the end of the world but because my daughter is sick as she is and NO she won't ever get better, she will only get I also can't get to the store like other parents as she can't get out of the house. I would of spoken to you privately but I could not find the contact seller link. I honestly hope you will do the right thing and send her a new ink pad. It's only fair. I paid for it. I hate to see my daughter cry. She has very little that she can do. Please do the right thing. I'm not the only one with this issue. I guess I will read the review. I hate to leave a bad review.Thank you for your time.Orianne
This was purchased as a replacement for a similar item that had been used for several years and many piles of paper. I could have just replaced one of the die assemblies that was having some difficulties, but purchasing a whole new punch was only slightly more expensive than just buying a replacment die. This is a great punch - punches holes well without a lot of effort. The only downside is that replacement dies are available, but just about as expensive as buying a completely new punch.
I bought these here because this was literally the only place they were avalible. They are exactly what I wanted. The biggest gripe I have is that the postage to ship what amounts to less than a pound, was almost the same or more than the price of the spacers, near $20.
At best, this is a mediocre vacuum when it has a fresh filter. However the filter clogs constantly. I have to clean it twice with an unused paint brush to vacuum my small one bedroom apartment (and I don't even have pets!). I've been trying to order replacement filters from anyone, anywhere in vain. Igia.com appears to be the only place you can order replacement filters. I try to place an order online and it won't go through because they say there's something wrong with the expiration date on my card (I've been using my card all along, there's nothing wrong with it). I emailed them but they don't email back barring a useless automated reply. I called their 1-800 number repeatedly and after being left on hold for 10 mins, it disconnects. So now I'm stuck with this useless vacuum cleaner that was never great to begin with. In addition, the folks I ordered from (Lazer Storm, 4540 Worth St, Los Angeles, CA 9006; SingerLazer.com) said I'd receive a free steamer with my vacuum. It never came. I emailed them and received no reply. Since then, their URL address is no longer online and their 1-800 numbers is now some singles line. DO NOT BUY THIS USELESS PIECE OF GARBAGE! I've been taken and so will you if you buy it!
I've used this paper to do some object and product shots and it works great. I wish it was a tad thicker but for the price I can't complain. Don't use it on a soft surface or it will wrinkle or tear but that is normal for all paper backgrounds. I like it so much I plan to buy a black one for photography. I imagine it makes great art paper for drawing too.
I am very satisfied with the scissor sharpener. It is very easy to use, and does a great job. I would recommend this to anyone.
This album looks lovely on the outside. I'm not the biggest fan of plastic pocket photo albums, but if that's what you're looking for, this is a good one.
I have a Low Shank Snap-On Singer Sewing Machine and I thought this would work with it. It doesn't, this seems to be built for an older style machine with the screw on feet.
great book. arrived on time like said and in good shape as said.thank yousue
Our son received this as a gift, and we sent it back. The box is made of inferior wood, and very poorly constructed. Not really "constructed" at all - rather just glued together, and not well, at that. Two of the corners were coming apart.Also, the lid opens in two parts. The drawback: when you open or close either side, the plastic trays on the inside that hold the crayons and pastels, fall out, as there is nothing securing them to the box. So, you have to try to hold the tray in place while closing either side.We can't comment on the supplies themselves, as we did not allow our son to try them, or else he would not have been able to return the item.
I've used this paper to do some object and product shots and it works great. I wish it was a tad thicker but for the price I can't complain. Don't use it on a soft surface or it will wrinkle or tear but that is normal for all paper backgrounds. I like it so much I plan to buy a black one for photography. I imagine it makes great art paper for drawing too.
I already owned a 24&#34; ruler but these shorter rulers are perfect for my smaller table space and smaller projects.
I've owned this machine for 6 years until it gave me a problem. I am a novice sewer, mostly using the machine for small, simple projects. It may not be the strongest, but I faulted myself when jamming it from fabrics that were too thick. One day the bobbin winder function stopped working. I took it in to get serviced; the sewing store folks basically told me the machine is fairly cheap, "doesn't have a frame." All the mechanics of the machine is attached to plastic, and the bobbin winder's plastic was melted and sticky. I'm not an expert on machines and sewing, but I suppose this machine is good for beginners, but it doesn't last.
The product was shipped in a reasonable amount of time and was exactly as indicated on Amazon. The case to hold all the sewing equipment could be constructed better and it can open easily and can create issues with spilling the contents. Otherwise the needles and thread where what I was expecting.
I found that these worked better than the 'rolling' chalk marker that someone suggested for a project. I just need to remember to put a sharpener with them in my bag.
I started making a list of my concerns with the Brother CS-8150 from day one...many of my 16 complaints already noted by other reviewers. Must say:1. actual MANUAL MISINFORMS - sometimes the pictures tell a different story from the written instructions - so be very careful when following the steps.2. FAULTY PAGE NUMBERS in the index misinform - often the page indicated is not the correct one. And no online manual to ccorrect these dumb mistakes.3. the machine HAS NO ACTUAL WORDS ON THE BUTTONS, or near them,such as "Lift Foot", "Start/Stop", "Reverse" and "Speed" to reduce guess time, and eliminates confusion when user starts panicking over some machine operation.4. AWFUL DISPLAY GRAPHICS can be vastly improved as difficult to see what they refer to, since pictures so badly presented. Finer resolution? Display is SIGN LANGUAGE!5. UNRELIABLE TENSION changes unexpectely needing frequent adjustment. same as bobbin thread gets used up.6. NEEDLE THREADING STOPPED altogether!LASTLY, what an arrogant company not to put a Manual online. Customer service is halfway, incomplete, nontrusting, and non-concerned for us buyers. Amazon provides a means for its buyers to obtain manuals - but Brother says No to that, we don't want to help! I have found with many products - such as answering machines, sound systems, dvd players, etc. - manuals get lost, damaged or outdated. BROTHER INC., take a hint! I phoned BBrother's HQ in Canada and a woman - whose phone attitude was that the customer service call was a bother and nuisance - told me they will only sell me a copy of the manual for $7 and mail it to me for another $6 - no thanks!
Fiance was gonna use this for her shirt after our wedding. After the transfer, quite a few of the stones didn't stay and had to be glued on with fabric glue. She got a little glue on the shirt, tried to scratch it off, and made a small hole in the shirt. The shirt ended up in the trash. Wasn't a good day for the already stressed soon to be bride. Anyway, be prepared to glue some of the stones on if you buy this. At least it was relatively cheap...
The thread breaks alot so I'm reasonably sure it's cheap. The bobbins have a lot more thread on them than the spools. so transferring might be needed. It's neat having lots of colors though.
I got these thinking that the label implied what they are supposed to be used for. I found that they abrade rather than buff or polish. They are made of hardened leather with an abrasive texture. If you need to remove light rust from a hard to reach spot, these may work. If you need to leave a high luster, they will not.
I purchased this to hold a set of posters for training and it fits the poster board perfectly. I wouldn't put it on an airplane or ship with it as it is a fabric-like portfolio, but I can carry it from campus to campus without damaging posters and it stores nicely in my trunk or back seat. I have a hard sided portfolio that I use for flying or for carrying professional photographs of the same size, and didn't want to pay a lot of money for classroom grammar posters so this fit the bill.
This cartridge was a little disapointing. I am used to stamping and the detail in the stamps is so much more intricate than this cartridge. It has a few useful items on it but on the whole not worth the money.
I have an 8 year old daughter that just loves the light tracer. She traces everything she can! It works great!
The color is a really a washed-out black/ dark gray. You get what you paid for. Spend more if you need black paper.
I have been a jeweller for almost 40 years. This was my third purchase of a gold tester over that period. I 'thought' I would be doing an upgrade but I quickly learned that this device was useless- totally useless. Readings are all over the map. You may as well use a ouija board. It now sits on a shelf collecting dust until I decide to throw it out. I presently use my old gold tester that I purchased about 15 years ago. It's raggedy looking but at least it does what it's supposed to. A total waste of $400 or thereabouts. Run quickly away from the Tri Electronics GXL-24 ! Run fast !
You need stronger hands than I have to use them. Maybe larger hands would help, too. I can get it open a tiny bit one-handed, but then I can't cut straight without ripping the fabric because i can't open it futher. I'll have to send them back and I guess spend the extra 5 or more to get the ones with shorter blades - these are 8+ inches; even tthe 7+ might be too big for me, but have not tried those yet.
We used this to cover tables at our wedding and it was wonderful! We let our guests color on it with crayons and it was definitely a hit. :)
These branding irons last for about 18 months before they burn out. I use three to four at a time with different logos. Putting a branded trade name helps sell our products.
I have very large hands, my wife small hands. These scissors are comfortable for both of us---sharp----easy to cut with---well worth the money
This had limited adjustment on the holes not fully adjustable. Would not work withthe paper that needed to be punched.
These are really good for mounting photos in an album. I've gone through 4 rolls so far, and I've learned alot so far.Tips:1. Where it says "tear here", just remove the whole flap on the bottom of the box. If you only tear off the portion it tells you to, corners will sometimes catch & peel off as you're trying to pull the strip out further. It's better to remove the whole flap so that it's exiting the box at more of a natural angle, preventing corner from getting caught on the way out.2. If the photo & backing is going to be protected by a layer of plastic (like most albums), then you can save yourself time, frustration, and money by only doing 2 corners. I like to get albums with 4x6 slips, attach photos smaller than that to a 4x6 index card, and then slide it in. Doing 2 corners that are diagonal to one another means the photo stays still stays put, and it's alot easier to slip it in/out repeatedly in the future if you ever need to for any reason.3. Bend the strip so that it's concave when you go to slip the photo into it. If bending it doesn't make the pocket open for you to slide your photo in, then don't try to force the photo. Take your fingernail, corner of a thin card, etc to force the pocket open first, then try again with the photo. Sometimes the two sides to the pocket are stuck together (much like window clings), and if you don't get it open first, trying to slide/force your photo's corner in will ruin the corner of the photo.4. For older, more delicate, or smaller photos, leave a small amount of space in each corner to make it easier to remove/re-insert the photo (if you ever need to). The smaller the photo, the harder it is to minimally bend it to slip it back in to the corners if yo had to remove it for some reason. The older & more fragle it is, the less time you'll want to spend abusing it by handling it or bending it when removing/re-inserting.Pro's:1. Acid free2. Clear, so it doesn't cover up parts of the photo3. Reasonably easy to use dispenser4. Adhere's extremely well to every surfaceCon's:1. Dispenser needs additional "modification" to work well2. Sometimes two corners will be stuck together by a thin strip3. Adhere's so well that if you place it wrong, good luck lifting it back off to adjust its position4. Sometimes the pockets are stuck closed, so it's not as easy as "just slide photo in & lift off". I've had several I had to struggle to open just so I could slide the photo's corner in. It's usually the first portion of the roll that's like that (sometimes as much as the first quarter of the roll or so).Giving these a 3 seemed appropriate.
The kit only comes with one packet for each color. It warns that you may stain your clothes. Of course kids are going to get this on their clothes, so unless you plan to wash everything after each use, I wouldn't recommend.
Product indicated certain measurements,however actual product was smaller than indicated measurements.It was not usable and we are still waiting for a refund.
Those are absolutely terrible! very BAD QUALITY, total waste of money.even kids don't want to play with them.Stay away from this article.
Please! I tried using it and not get either in paper or plastic, much less in leather. Anyone know of a video showing the use. Thank you very much.
My experience working with Susan Bates plastic yarn needles was not the best. Perhaps it was a defective package that I purchased, but the tips were not totally smooth, and this caused me to have some slight difficulty as they would sometimes snag on fibers as I worked. I ultimately replaced them with metal yarn needles and was very satisfied.I like to work quickly, and this repeated catching on the yarn caused me some real aggrivation -- made more so because it created an unnecessary delay in my work over such a tiny thing gone wrong.I strongly recommend the metal needles!
I am disappointed in this machine. Although I am a beginner, and also teaching myself, I was hoping it would give more "self-help" information in the troubleshooting section. I am at the point now where I've memorized the manual. I don't know if there's really something wrong with the machine or if it's something I'm not doing correctly. I guess that's the chance you take with buying online.
The worse case scenario for a crafter is a dull cutting blade when you are knee-deep in a project. Buying the 5-pack rotary blades was the best thing I did both economically and for sanity as I could continue my project and keep on task.
This will be my beginner's review, I've just opened the box to my Brother 1034D Serger and am watching the Tutorial CD's (Brother should consider updating this to a single, higher quality DVD). The color coded threading is already done for you when the machine arrives (one of the resaons I purchased this little guy in the first place) but we all know that eventually you'll need to tackle this task. SAVE YOURSELF TIME and go watch this aftermarket video - amazingly helpful ([...]). I'm about to begin my first Serging adventure now and I'm hoping it's as simple as so many of these reviews have made it out to be. I have been utilizing a standard sewing machine for more than 35 years so I'm hoping to catch up with technology...
The picture is misleading. The kit did not include as many pieces of glass as pictured; and they were very small pieces. We also did not recieve a flux pen, as listed. The solder & copper foil were not full spools, as pictured, just pieces. Although the videos were good, I question whether the rest of the items were worth the price we paid - I think we could have assembled our own "kit" items for the same or less money.
After a few weeks of use, these scissors seem fine for most of the small daily office jobs that I've used them for. The titanium-bonded blades are very sharp, and you can cut through most soft materials with relative ease. They are particularly good at cutting paper, and they leave a very sharp, well-defined edge when used. The tip is not as precise and pointed as in some other scissors that I've used, but again they for the most part do rather well.The handle is rubberized and for the most part comfortable enough to hold, although I think that it would have been possible to improve the shape of the grip so that it sits more smoothly and naturally in your hand.Since I've only used these scissors for a very short period of time I am not able to comment on how durable they are. If there are any major issues down the road I'll update this review.As an alternative to these scissors I would recommend that you take a look atScotch Precision Scissor, 8-Inches (1448). I've used those for close to two years, and have overall been very impressed with them.
I am very disappointed in what the buttoneer fastening system will do. It will not keep buttons on mens pants. It will put buttons on mens shirts but they do not last but a day or so. If I had known the quality, I would never have purchased this item.DHughes
I was excited to give this to my wife for her birthday, but disappointed in the quality of the rack when I received it. I think the description should have indicated that it is made of cheap pine wood and only weighs a few ounces. The wood is chipped where the holes are drilled. I'm telling you, this looks like it cost $1 to make! It is shipped in parts and you put it together yourself. The rack does just what it is intended to do and my wife said she'll keep it. But I think it's way overpriced at $18.50, should be more like $5!
This machine was given to me second hand a few years ago. I have fought with it ever since. Thread will not stay threaded. Things are constantly getting jammed, and taking the bobbin in and out can be time consuming and confusing. Then today, it just stopped.... I have taken the machine apart, cleaned it, oiled it and done everything imaginable but nonetheless, though the light still comes on and the engine revs when you hit the pedal, nothing will move including the hand turner wheel.I am so upset! The manual is a joke, and 'shark' seems to have no internet presence where I can find help.So all in all, I am mostly upset that I'll have to purchase a new machine, though I'm excited to finally have something that works.
I love these little canvases, I have them in larger sizes and these are great to focus on details. These would be especially great for beginner painters.
Another update, August 25, 2012:I still have nothing but great things to say about this mat...I did notice the price has gone up on it, but I would expect that as nothing stays the same price year to year...I have had no problems butting the 2 mats together to make for one large cutting surface. I did put some of the rubberized shelf lining one can purchase from the dollar store under them as an added "help" in making sure they don't slide around while I am cutting...the 1st board I bought is almost 2 years old, and I must say the surface of it is still in great shape! I would consider myself pretty heavy duty into quilting...I use the mat probably every couple of days, and when I use it, I use it...So, summing up, I still highly recommend this mat. I also say even with the price increase, it is a bargain if you compare the cost of an Olfa mat to it...Update: June 14, 2011- I just ordered a 2nd mat, not because the 1st one is worn out, but because the price is too good to pass up, and I can put them together to have a really big cutting area. The 1st mat I ordered does have some areas where it is obvious that I cut at that measurement often, but it has had no impact on how the mat works. I also compared this mat with Fiskars and Olfa brand mats, and this mat is much thicker, more pliable, and has not remotely warped on me. I use this mat a lot with my quilting, it is a great size, and so far has held up wonderfully! The price is much better than other brands, same size mat surface. Having the black side as well as the green also comes in handy. I just received my 2nd mat, and it is just as good as the 1st one, and most importantly has no chemical odor! Highly recommend this mat!
Westcott Titanium Bonded Scissors (Soft Grip) / B0000AQOJDI received these and their non-soft grip twin,Westcott Titanium Bonded Non-Stick Scissors, in the same week. I don't honestly feel much of a difference between the original scissors and the soft grip version. The soft grip handles have a very little bit more 'give' to them, but I still think the fit is tight and a little pinchy. And the handles are nicked up in one area, from what looks like a manufacturing flaw.My concerns with the original version still stand with this soft grip version: the titanium blades may be super-awesome in ways not readily apparent to me, but they don't cut thick stacks of paper (4-8 layers) any faster or cleaner than the other blades in my house as far as I can see. And even though I've only used them to cut paper and thin plastics, the blades already have surface scratches. I'd probably recommend theScotch Precision Ultra Edge Scissorover these.NOTE: This review is based on a free Advance Review Copy of this product provided through Amazon Vine.~ Ana Mardoll
I got exactly what I wanted. The site was easy to follow and I am enjoying the products that I purchased.
I bought this machine to make my halloween costume and I like how it worked, at first I had trouble because the the thread it comes with is not very good quality and kept getting tangled on the bottom. Once I changed the thread to another one that I bough somewhere else the machine worked just fine.It is definetly not as good as a "real" singer sweing machine, but it works for simple sweing projects!!!
This is an expensive cutter, but if you work with fine wire a lot and need to get into narrow spaces, it could be worth the cost. It is very comfortable and works well, as do the accompanying pliers. I recommend this brand.
I've had 2 of these, both dripped like mad and one never applied glue smoothly. Both of them broke internally so the trigger no longer works after a few weeks. If you need a gun that you plan to use, buy something else. If you want a gun to look good and you plan to use it very little, this might be the one for you. I won't get another one.
I bought a sewing machine and this item was listed as one that others had purchased along with the machine. I bought it, but the machine came with it's own carrying case. It was only $20 and would cost me that to send it back so stuck with it!
I recently bought this to make my own stickers for my Girl Scout Daisy troop. The major project I had in mind was making petal stickers. I cut out petals and flower centers from paint chips I snagged at Lowe's. So we're talking eleven cut outs per girl. They used the stickers to decorate their troop folders.Now, the stickers looked awesome, and I'm happy with the way they turned out, but there's a couple things I can share that you might like to know before getting this little machine. Initially I was feeding my petals through and tearing them off one at a time. This wastes a lot of adhesive. But you have to be super careful if you try to feed things in one after another before tearing off because they can accidentally overlap, messing up two of your stickers. You can't really see your cut outs as they're going through. If you do this you end up with a longer strip and you can then cut each sticker off. Since I was making so many stickers (about 120) all at one time, this technique ended up saving me a lot of time. I needed two things of adhesive to make all my stickers and I have some left over on the second roll.6 and 7 year olds could operate this thing themselves, but you would want to supervise so they don't waste too much adhesive. The replacements could add up fast if you're making a lot of stickers. I bought the machine and refill at that big craft store with a 40% off coupon, so it was a reasonable price for what I wanted it for. My daughter is excited to use it for her little projects. Yeah, using glue or glue sticks would probably be way cheaper, but this was very clean and the resulting stickers were exactly what I wanted.
This machine is a great buy for easy repairs and sewing.The bobbin was alittle complicated to thread, different principle than my old Singer. But it is a great buy for the money and works like a charm.
I bought this model to show at talks I give on space and astronomy and in particular because it was the same scale as the Saturn V I purchased earlier. The model is made of wood and so does not have a lot of very fine detail, however the boosters do have some sort of ribbing attached to show where each section was joined. The finish on the boosters is not quite perfect as there appears to be some small holes in the surface of the timber underneath the painted finish. Overall though I think it would make a great display on the desk at work or in a case at home and recommend buying one.
the blade is very weak, easy to break, sometimes you can find the same product from your local 99 cents store.
great item if you are putting them on a light colored object. Bad for dark colored objects.
I bought this paper to stuff purses that I make, and it works great for that. It's a perfect weight to add bulk while still being shapeable. I've also to make patterns for hats and Halloween costumes.Be careful if you are using it for art projects though. I used the white for wrapping presents and had to use 3 layers to completely obscure the contents. Doesn't seem like it would tolerate paint or glue well.
I have one of these machines. It works for the most part... It doesn't like sewing through more than 3 layers of almost any fabric and makes a loud knocking sound when it is being taxed. I expect this machine will not last long.It has an incredibly terrible reverse function. Its a button located to the upper right of the needle. It is annoying because it always sews one stich forward and then starts going backwards instead of just sewing backwards. Also the computerized-ness of it is annoying if you are sewing backwards and stop and then decide you want to sew backwards a little further it will not let you. Pressing the button will do nothing until you sew forward again.If I was buying another machine I would either buy a nice vintage machine or at least another brand (juki most likely), possibly with metal gears and no computer inside.
High quality paper. Ease of use is great due to side collation. Would definitely buy this product again. Bought it for my niece as a gift and she immediately began to sketch as soon as she received!
I expected parchment paper to be thinner, and I was a little weirded out because this paper has veins of a golden color running through it. I wanted to draw on it, but now I really don't know what to do with it because of the color variations. It's not good drawing paper. I'm not sure what you would use it for, honestly, but be advised.
Key was a little smaller than I thought but is perfect look. It will do nicely at Alice in Wonderland party.
Although wood/bamboo needles are popular today, I still like the feel of a good old fashioned aluminum knitting needle. There is something about that metallic click and slide that is very relaxing. Boyes have been making quality knitting needles since before I can remember, and you can't go wrong with their products.Happy knitting, all.
I dont' scrapbook, but got this for my "crafty" daughter (age 10) and she loves it. We all had fun putting different thiings in it and creating stuff. Works right out of the box.
There really isn't anything bad I can say about this product. It worked very well at stablizing, holding and protecting my worn books. On more than one occasion, I was relieved to have this tape at my disposal and because of that, I will now have many more years of enjoyment out of my older books.
What a piece of junk. I bought this at full price a few years ago, but didn't really use it much until recently. It held up for maybe 2-3 months of regular use before the tension adjustment stopped working and it caused everything to pucker. After dealing with that for about a month it started causing the 'bird's nest' issue with the bobbin, and then the reverse button broke. So after multiple hours spent trying to tinker with this piece of junk, I now have a fancy paperweight that sews in reverse only. DO NOT BUY THIS MACHINE.
I enjoy using calligraphy pens for day to day tasks and use them as the sole writing instrument for my work, so I've grown accustomed to writing with good and bad calligraphy pens. The Staedtler's are very much the latter. Out of the three in the set sold here, only one wrote with any stable fluidity. One of the two remaining came with a nib which wasn't flexible enough to let ink out, and the other came with a faulty ink drain, which caused ink to come out all over my hands. I had another Staedtler a year or two ago which had the same nib problem, which means that Staedtler just isn't fixing the problem.
The Fletcher points were what I expected except they were not packaged well enough to prevent damage during shipment. They arrived in a padded envelope which didn't prevent the box from breaking apart and thus separating many of the points. I probably had to throw away 100 of them. I did not contact the sender as I was in a hurry and just used what I could salvage.
This is the only tool I have found that helps to lift the cuts off of the mat without them tearing. I have the tool kit and this spatula is not included in the kit. I rarely use anything in my tool kit but I use the spatula every time I use my Cricut. The stickiness from the mat does get on the tool so be sure to clean it off after each use.
The box had small nicks in it, but other than that I was pleased with the item received.
I have purchased Clover roving before, and it is always lovely - soft, well combed and easy to work with.
I purchased this machine as a temporary replacement when I broke my Bernina sewing machine. We did not have the funds to spend $500 comparably repairing or replacing the Bernina, so I researched cheaper machines to figure out what to purchase. This machine sews smoothly and has many nice features of more expensive machines that I was looking for; needle stop up/down, stitch selections, walking foot, no problems with tension, it even has a needle threader that I did not know I would appreciate. I needed a machine to last me a few years until I could save up for a nicer machine, and so far this one has performed as needed without driving me crazy. Some cheap sewing machines have chronic tension issues that can drive a sewer insane, and this one has had no problems. My only real complaint so far is that the presser foot up position is not as generous as I would like. It can be hard to get bulk under there and I sew clothing for my kids, so the seams can be difficult to get through there. I would recommend this machine as a good starting machine or take with you to sewing group as it is lightweight and easier to move than heavier machines. Since it is lightweight, it does not feel as sturdy as my old Bernina, but it is a good in-between and I am happy with my purchase.
I am really blown away by these dyes. I needed to dye a white nylon dance suit and was told that whatever I used to dye it would be extremely washed out/pale. But I was extremely happy to see that this acid dye did the trick; I followed the instructions from the Jacquard Acid Dye website and the color came out exactly like the sample color. It was in no way washed out or spotted. I highly recommend this dye!
This is not even worth $50. It fell apart the first time I used it. The plastic parts are cheap and break easily.
THE BABY STAMPED QUILT TOP IS GREAT !! THE PRINT IS CLEAR & LARGEENOUGH FOR ME TO SEE. I PLAN TO ORDER AGAIN. BETSY JONES, SCOTTSVILLE,KY.
Good basic machine with good value for money spent. The wife loves it and we both recommended highly if a good basic machine is what you are looking for.
I was not able to experience this item because I received an empty box with none of the four jars of coating that I anticipated receiving.
These pens are great. I own the same set. They write very smoothly. I always love Staedtler products. But, where to find the refills for this pen??? I can't find the refills in any local stores, not even the Internet. Any info???
No negative comments. Excellent, useful punch! Clean cut! Great for greeting cards, to use both punch and punched out star.
If you order this sewing machine, be aware that the company says there is NO WARRANTY, and NO PARTS are available. Think twice before purchasing one at a flea market, unless all parts and instructions are present.
The Fasturn ad included a storage box.When the order arrived there was not storage box.When I contacted Amazon, they informed me the box was not available any more.At that point they offered 10% refund, I did some calculations and decided I would return the Fasturn for complete refund, I am stillwaiting for the refund to show up on my credit card account summary.
The frame looks very simple and beautiful. However, I noticed the frame is not exactly 4 x 6, more like 3.5 x 5.5. It's cutting off some details on the edge of my picture.
This hole punch is so inexpensive it's probably worth the money you spend on it. I bought it a few days ago and am now sending it back because it didn't meet my expectations. It only punches about 5 or 6 sheets of paper at a time and the holes are closer to the edge than I would prefer; also, I don't know if it is a problem with my binder, the holes on the top and bottom are slightly too close together to give it a nice fit. If you only need to use it occasionally it seems sturdy enough to last. I am going to try something a little higher quality.
The product description needs to be changed. I bought this glue specifically because the description says it works on fabric. This is not true. I tried gluing plastic to fabric and that did not work. I also tried gluing fabric to fabric. That also did not work. There was not even any adhesion between the pieces; they fell apart as if there were never any glue applied between them. The items I used were dry and I let them sit undisturbed for a day.The product works fine gluing paper to paper, and attaches them better than Elmer's.
Full disclosure: I'm a crafting/glue gunning (yep, it's a word) newbie, so some of the problems I have with this damn thing might be solved with some common tip or trick the pros use that I'm currently unaware of. Granted the item is $11-$12, so perhaps I simply got what I paid for.Anyhow, here goes:--My biggest issue with this glue gun is the tip (that's what she said). Ha, but seriously folks, it seems like there is a never ending stream of glue spilling out when it's propped up on it's dinky little stand (which constantly snaps off). All together I'd say it's wasted at least 3 full glue sticks over just a few weeks. Bummer.--My second biggest gripe is that the glue stick has to be manually pushed through the barrel in order to work. Now, as I said, I'm new to this, so I certainly haven't developed the coordination to do this. Also, it's ANNOYING. Why is there a trigger in the first place if it isn't serving the ONE PURPOSE it's meant for?--The stand sucks--it's really flimsy and pops off every now and then. This causes the gun to topple over sometimes landing in the aforementioned puddle of piping hot glue. If only the stand were thicker, wider, and didn't completely suck, my fear of glue gun related burns would disappear.--This might be common of all hot glue, but that shit is STRINGY as all hell.--Glue turns brown? I assume this is because the gun is too hot and burns it, but there we go again--more wasted glue.Overall, I give this product 2/5 stars and a whole lot of sad faces. :( :( :( :( :(
I am a long-time Amazon purchaser, but this is my 1st product review-that's how egregious the difference btwn the product & the product description.Having read the description-"furniture grade compressed cabinetry" "durable melamine finish," then looking up the plywood grading scale, I paid $138 (now listing for $145) for the item.Calling it Walmart quality is probably an insult to Walmart's line of cheap pressboard crap as the pressboard was so loosely bound that there are multi edge/corners with "gaps" btwn the "durable melamine finish" & not-so-"furniture grade cabinetry". There is no doubt these gapped edges will be the first place the finish peels away from the pressboard.I took a photo of (one of many) gapped edges, & the looseness of the pressboard is also visible, & hope I can figure out how to attach it.
This has "sort of" worked one time. After that, the battery does not re-charge or hold a charge. Just when you really need it for a school project for your child. I am now stuck with two boxes of glue sticks, a glue gun that won't heat up and a charger/battery that makes it look like it is charging...basically a pile plastic and parts. Go with the standard corded.
I bought this item to make decorations for my husband's send off party for his deployment. When it said 1 inch I was thinking that the star would be about the size of a quarter. But it's not. Its about the size of a penny. The description could be better for this item. However I did get it to work. I just had to change some things up a bit. And the product works great. I would have just bought a bigger size had I known how small this was.
They broke the first time they were used. See the uploaded photos for the story. You'll need a drill, bolt, two nuts and a washer to properly fix these!
This item was also originally ordered for Christmas, but is being held for my daughter's birthday in January. It arrived within the promised time frame and came in perfect condition. This will be an additional gift to go with the art kit that was also ordered.
My husband mentioned that he needed a box to keep pencils in that he can carry in one of his bass cases. He writes music and makes notations at lessons, etc. and doesn't want loose pencils rolling around next to his instrument. I saw this case and thought it looked nice. It does look nice in the hand but my husband could not get it open. He had to struggle with it for about 1/2 an hour and he didn't want to force anything. When he finally got it open, he waxed the edges of the sliding lid to make sure he can open it in the future. We thought we were home free until he went to put some pencils in it. It is too short to hold a standardized wood graphite pencil that has only been sharpened once. I know we should have checked the measurements but when you see an item labelled "pencil box" , you sort of expect that a pencil will fit in it.
The cable that connects the needles is rather stiff and a tad difficult to work with, but they still work.
There's nothing wrong with this calendar, in fact it's great. I personally didn't check the size so found out too late that a normal page can only be inserted horizontally. So please check that, otherwise as I said it is a really good do-it-yourself calendar.
I bought this for the self-threading feature, don't bother. I got it to work once and didn't even know it. I'd been trying a long time, gave up and went to bed. In the a.m. got up to try some more, asked my husband to have a look. He said it was threaded. Used it till I needed to thread again, still can't get it threaded with feature. The light is worthless and I can't seem to find a position for my own light that helps to see what you're working on. It's a big dissapointment.
you got to use them a certain way or they don't hold as well
I ordered this item as part of a special bundle. I wasn't sure what to expect but I completely love using this cutter. It's very easy to use. I'm very glad I got this and if you're considering making a purchase, I strongly encourage you to go ahead and get it. You'll be happy you did!
Saw this palette box used by an acrylics instructor, and finally bought one. Amazing how it keeps the paints wet for a week or more, so that you can go back to your acrylic painting a few days later, and the colors you mixed previously are still ready to use. I bought an extra sponge and papers, so I'll be set for quite a while now.
I bought my Brother a little over a month ago and love it so far. I have had no problems with it that I had read about in other reviews before purchasing and hope that they don't come about. I am extremely satisfied with my purchase and would recommend this Brother product to anyone interested in buying a sewing machine.
These needles are nice and sharp and just the right size for hand quilting but the metal is just to flimsy. I bent the first needle with the first stitch and it broke in half on the second stitch. I would not recommend these if you are quilting material with lots of seams.
you say the item is "heavyweight" but you can see through it. you say it has a smooth side and a textured side, there is no difference with the two sides. paper is too thin for watercolor which is what i wanted it for. very disappointed. if i could get my money back on it i would.
Product failed after 50 pictures when it was supposed to print 150 pictures. Cartridge was outr of ink.
Punched some new holes in my belts and worked great. Had to punch through both sides to get it clean through. I'd recommend if you'll use once in a while like me.
I had the CE100 for all of 3 days and it was just awful, I ended up exchanging it for the CE200 (so glad I did) The CE100, has some problems, first off, it doesn't sew, and considering this IS a sewing machine I find this to be a big problem!! The bobbin thread will not lock your stitches, and on top of that the top thread breaks like every 4 stitches. And for those of you wondering I have sewn for over 15 years and believe me I called customer service, and they told me that the CE100 series has a problem with the bobbin casing cracking. Well call me crazy but why are they still selling the dumb thing then?? Seriously, I spent 3 very long days doing nothing but being upset, angry, and aggervated, not to mention saying ugly words and making up new ones when those didn't work:-) Save yourself from what I went through, just spend the extra money and get the CE200, once you get it and figure it out , it can be addictive! Good luck and happy sewing!!
I don't doubt that a WATER based coating doesn't work well on this canvas since even though the Epson ink is pigmented, on this canvas it has very low water resistance if the print is not coated after printing. I use PremierArt Print Shield spray (available from www.ATLEX.COM) which is what Wilhelm uses when testing for display life (www.wilhelm-research.com). This works very well and I'm very satisfied with the combination of this canvas and the PremierArt Print Shield.
The first template sent was bent and crumpled, so I sent an email stating that fact when asked to rate the merchant. A replacement was sent, but it was in worse shape than the first. I did not send in another complaint, as I figured there was almost as much smooth space on the 2 I had received than would be had on an undamaged sheet, unless I wanted a space larger than 4x4&#34;. I would never order this again.
I bought this set about a year ago, and already the ink in the stamp pad is dry (I've kept it closed and hardly used it, so I attribute it to quality). The colored pencils are pretty much useless (they barely write), and the stickers are tiny and only one sheet (of 12, I think?). There aren't even enough stickers to give to every student in a typical classroom!The rubber stamps are high quality, but geared for younger children... which is why I'm confused about the "frowny face," because most teachers of young children know that drawing frown faces on children's papers is not best practices (it's not constructive). If you buy this set, you need to ask yourself if four or five decent, cute stamps are worth your money - the rest of the set is pretty much useless, and you will have to buy a new inkpad soon.
Upon opening the package, I attempted to close the case but the hinges broke right off. The case is made of extremely cheap plastic and there are clearly deformities along the edges. Whatever, I'm just kinda disappointed that it broke within 1 minute of trying to close the case. The blades are what you expect, just OK quality.
I was hoping for a small easy to use magnifier for threading needles and reading tiny print etc. This does not work for me but it was cheap, so nothing lost.
This light box does its job well. Plenty of light to shine through layout bond paper. Amazingly, the light distributes pretty evenly considering there's only 1 florescent bulb centered in the middle of the box. I'm impressed with this item's performance. My only gripe is that it looks like it's made from poor metal, and when I opened mine, there was a piece rattling around loose inside the box area. I unscrewed the top, and a small metal square had fallen out of its slot. It is one of the 4 pieces (1 for each corner) that slides over the edge of the box to have a buffer between the box and the top slate. There's a hole in each of the 4 pieces for the screws to go through to hold them in place. This 1 piece is damaged though; it looks like when the hole was made it split the metal so the screw can no longer hold it. When I pay this much for an item, I expect it to have been inspected for little things such as this, but I guess not. I just kept it since I needed it for a project due this week. And otherwise this light box is great. I was just disappointed in quality control.
Bought the paper to make garment and accessory patterns with and, while it's low priced for the size and quantity, the paper is very thin. I find it similar to butcher paper which I use for making moc-up patterns with, and I'll be using this for the same purpose. Purchased to make finished, sturdy patterns that will be used many times but it's not suitable for that. Thinner than typical printer paper.
I bought this machine from the "Gold Box" for my wife's anniversary. She unpacked it and was able to sew a few stitches before the needle caught on the needle plate and bent. She put the second needle in and watched it hit the needle plate. So for now the machine is unusable, which is disappointing to say the least.The nearest authorized Singer center is about 90 miles from us, so it is going to be inconvenient at best to get the machine replaced or repaired.I imagine that the majority of these machines work properly out of the box, (obviously most of the reviewers are happy with thier machines), I think it's important to know that there is at least one that wasn't. The needle is only off by a fraction of an inch, and it did work for a few stitches, so it may have passed some level of quality testing before leaving the factory, and Amazon.com's price for the machine is excellent. We just got a lemon this time.The other thing that is somewhat disconcerting is that the date on the manual is 1994 and the date on the warrenty was 1998, so while this machine came sealed in the box, it isn't exactly "new", and while the manual is available on the Singer web site, ... you can't buy one of these machines there.Additional Info: The Singer Service center we brought the machine to took 5 minutes to make an adjustment that fixed the problem. He said that the particular problem happens in shipping if the machine is dropped or jarred.
I was searching for a good dye for nylon, the product says it is great. I tried it, did everything it asked, and no good results, poor product.
My 10 year old daughter received this as a gift. It is so easy to use. She is able to thread the top by herself. She is really enjoying using the different stitching designs. It is great for a beginner.
I love everything ME does! This book.... I used many of the paper selection on a recent project and was very disappointed. The paper when used with glue sticks had problems! The paper did not adhere well and was difficult to work with. Not sure why buy when I used other paper selections...I did not have any problems. I will use the delightful stickers in the book but will not use the paper for projects.
flushing out my air brush this cleaner works good, i plan on buyin more next month or so highly recomend this
Ordered the paper for printing my own wedding invitations. The weight was nice but the color is not Ivory. It's much more dark and yellow than a true Ivory. I uploaded a picture of the product next to a white index card and an ivory envelope for comparison purposes. Returned the product for that reason.
These scissors are much like the several others that I have: they cut well but also hurt my fingers. The hard surfaces have a way of applying pressure to the wrong parts of my fingers when I open the blades. From the picture, it looks like the inside of the finger holes might be soft and pleasant. Instead, they are merely a different color. Despite the product description, I don't feel anything soft about these scissors.These scissors cut more evenly than theWestcott Titanium Bonded Non Stick Scissors, 8" Straightthat I also got from Amazon Vine, needing consistent pressure throughout the cut. I'd choose these over the non-stick scissors.
GENERAL: I have had some issues with the bottom thread getting bunched up and gathering up the fabric as I sew. The material/fabric has actually gotten stuck down into where the needle goes up and down.This has happened only a handful of times, hence the three stars. For basic, occasional needs, the machine usually performs fine and is really user-friendly. The bobbin is easy to load (one of my pet peeves!), the sewing is smooth and the machine is pretty quiet. It's also light-weight which is great for me because I don't have a devoted place to leave it out. I keep mine on a shelf above the washer and dryer and it stores easily and I don't have any trouble moving it around when I have a project.MORE DETAIL: I have never been able to fix the bunching issue, I just have to take a break and walk away for a while (sometimes minutes, sometimes days) and try again. I've tried adjusting everything there is to adjust and nothing seems to work. I've also been online looking for fixes and referred to the manual.Only once has the bunching issue been catastrophic (I hemmed all the dresses for my sister's wedding and that's when it went haywire on me! One layer of a bridesmaid dress was very sheer and it actually tore the material! I was in a time-crunch and ultimately had to borrow someone else's machine).I got this machine for Christmas a few years ago. I do not do any specialty sewing.
Trying to pick out a new sewing machine for Christmas, I told my husband I was going to spend between $300-$400 for a good machine with all the bells & whistles that I wanted. Then I found this machine! With all the great reviews and Amazon's return policy, I thought I could at least try it. I love it!
This gallon of paint does not have a smooth texture, there are lumps in it. My son uses it for body paint at high school sporting events.
We love the easel and have enjoyed writing on the dry erase board.The only problem is then the markers go on the wood it does not wash off and leaves it marked up.
For a few scissors stuck together, it works well shredding a few sheets of paper. It is hard to get it to cut thicker things than this. Much more compact than an actual shreder, and better than just tearing up the bills.
This scoring tool scores the paper nicely (including heavier weights, I've done up to 110# with good results, though the heavier weight papers will still crack when folded if scored against the grain); however, it is far too small and lacks a good fit in the hand, thus it constantly runs off course (even when using a steel ruler as a guide), resulting in the need to reprint the piece and recut, ultimately causing a loss of money (in ink cost/paper cost/time in trimming/scoring etc.). I might recommend this tool for light home use but NOT for larger jobs where time and money are of concern.
I bought this because a lot of times I only have time to knit a couple of rows before my infant starts fussing for attention LOL! This helps me keep track of how many I've done when I have to put it down for days at a time. Also, it says it's only big enough for size 10.5 needles but I shoved it onto my 11's pretty easily :)
Even when the glue was very hot, the trigger spring broke right out of it. The item was then rendered useless.
Not worth $100. When I can get it to work right, it sews very loudly and bounces. The storage compartment in the bed slides off during sewing for spontaneous free are sewing! (ha-ha), I thought I was getting a basic machine for household projects and clothing repair, but it makes sewing a miserable experience. I even cried once because I could not get the tension right, no matter how many times I tried. I would not even get this machine for a beginner, because it might turn them off from sewing forever. It's not so good to buy a sewing machine online. I think it's better to use the machine first in a shop so you know how nice it is to work with.
I've used this paper millions of times over the years, and what I received was the correct product, but this is the first time it's arrived warped - it's vertically curving, and the prints never lie flat. Which is a major disappointment.
I like the colors and the package arrived timely and well packaged. My only problem is that the paper doesn't cut well. I thought maybe I needed a new blade in my cutter, changed it, still tore when cut. I have 2 different brand cutters, both tear the paper. I thought maybe I was doing something wrong and asked my friend to try on both her cutter and mine, tore every time. So if you think that you may have to trim this paper to a smaller size or shape, don't get it. I ended up hand trimming the little jagged pieces off and just don't use it if I need something small. Won't buy again.
"Well what can I say except...excellent!!!! A word of warning my friends, it gets really really hot!! When you glue something you need to be very cautious because the first time I used it I burned myself. All in all it is a great product:)"
excellent for filtration but the packing was very bad and it was smashed by the other items shipped with and i rate them for 2 stars
I had been told it would cover bright brass and it does indeed...brought hinges to color to match new silver cabinet handles
I purchased this machine on Amazon over a year ago. Since then, I have yet to figure out the whole bobbin. I've had three very experienced sewers tried to help me... as well as taken it to a JoAnne Fabric Store. I also have emailed Brother for help numerous times--but have not heard a reply.. The bobbin is on it's side, and nobody can figure out how to get the darn thing to stay in. Not sure if I got a defective machine or not. So frustrating.Updating.. well, after struggling with it for over a year... including taking sewing lessons on it... the timing went out (maybe sewed on it 20 times)... so I decided to buy a new machine. Bought a Singer...and oh what a difference. First, the manual is 1000x better written. Second, it's very easy to thread the bobbin...haven't had any issues, and with the Brother every time I sewed there was an issue. The Singer really sews like a dream, and I'm so happy.I have no idea if it was just a bad machine or not.... but I will say, that even if it worked perfectly, the Singer is better. More stitches, better manual.
I purchased in hopes this would expedite the star-fill process I would be using to decorate a race car cake. I tried it with and without the large coupler and both methods felt awkward. It took me longer to position the tip properly so I wasn't overlapping each new cluster of stars. It did not pipe nice looking stas as my regular one-star tip does. I ended up switching back to the one-star tip because it was easier to use and made nicer/cleaner looking stars.If you're decorating a very large cake and have experience with this tip it could be useful. But for me I didn't have great results. I felt like this took me much longer to achieve less attractive results. I'll hold on to it of course in case I find myself wanting to give it another try someday.One last thing - I'd recommend testing this out with a disposable bag and not wasting a new featherweight bag as I did. Being much larger than standard piping tips I had to cut my bag to accomodate its size and now its useless for other tips. Stupid mistake on my part but I figured I'd share in case you are interested in buying.
Table looks great but the "nuts" that hold the top on are cheap. Three of them came off allowing child to lift top of table up. Needs to be better quality for the price. I would not purchase another one or tell anyone to.
This looked so easy to use, but cranking the handle is very hard. It feels like someone put some glue in the handle.I cannot drive, therefore I cannot get it back to the Post Office.Please take this off your listing.I lost my job, and I have started knitting, and thought this would make it so much faster to do the knitting. Boy was I WRONG.
I am a novice sewer and this machine has been great for me. I am still familiarizing myself with the various stitches and settings but it has worked out well. If you are just getting into sewing or are experienced, this Brother machine is just for you.
This is perfect for carrying your current project with space to hold your tools also. Much more affordable than similar products.
Others have already commented extensively on the positives so let me just highlight the one glaring negative. This is NOT a good book for anyone other than a seasoned birder. In fact I consider myself a knowledgable birder and this book drives me nuts sometimes.The organization of this book is by genus and species - not by any logical field-identifiable characteristics. Thus, if you don't have any idea what the bird is BEFORE you try to look it up, you may have a hard time finding it. For example, a small drab brown sparrow could be found in two different sections in different parts of the book. Buntings are not grouped together but instead scattered because for some arcane reason not all buntings - even though they look very similar - are in the same genus. Same goes for grosbeaks, ducks, and lots of others. Believe me, this book is incredibly difficult to find anything in. Unless you are an expert, you will have to look the bird up in the index by name, and it you don't know the name already, well, you're screwed.Also lacking is any description of how common or uncommon the birds are, their habitat, etc. as described by other people in other reviews. I tend to question why people rate this book so highly. Sure, it may be by far the best in terms of the paintings and plumage description, but it is so clearly deficient in so many other ways that I wonder what the editors were thinking... why oh why didn't they give Sibley a few pointers on practicality?I recommend All the Birds of North America for starters - a much more user-friendly organization with more well-rounded information. Then buy this book as a backup or to augment your library once you've built up some birding skills.
I have 3 boys, and these signs were a gift for them for Christmas. They are not sturdy. Each sign is in pieces, one sign, 2 little parts to hold them on, 2 poles, 1 piece to hold the poles together, and 2 pieces for the base. The signs are now scattered around my house. Pieces are missing, and the poles have become weapons. I thought they would be much sturdier and in maybe 2 parts, but.....I was mistaken. I do not recommend this product!
Just like I expected: It lights up and burns hot. Sometimes you have to hit it twice to start it, but I've never found a time when I didn't get a flame on the second try.
My daughter spilled some drops of milk on the chair and it left these lovely white marks. I automatically thought, ok, it's just milk, it won't stain, yet nothing that I tried got the stain out. In other words, it's really not cleanable. Once it gets soiled you're out of luck. I ended up giving it away. Don't get me wrong, it's a very sturdy and well made chair & ottoman (although one of the red buttons on the front fell off), it's just made of an upholstery that you cannot clean. Not so great for kids, especially toddlers who have a bottle or sippy cup. It's small, I wouldn't recommend it for any child above the age of 3. It rocks a little bit, not too much, but just to give them movement. My daughter loved it.
The drop in bobbin and easy threading, idiot proof sewing - with a readable instruction book makes this machine a blessing. It does more than the average repair person needs..perhaps spuring you to more advanced projects.
The quality is verygood and takes about 1 hour to put together while following the directions. It really helps me organize my desK .
works great. except the spring clip which acts as a stop for slecting the punch(makes it stop in proper location)can bend easily causing the punch to stop off-center of the anvil.i just bent it back to correct spot.
This is just what I have been wanting. It works perfectly and does exactly what I need it to do. I recommend this product highly
I may be abysmally stupid, but I cannot figure out how to work this thing. It seems stuck in a locked position and I've nearly broken it twice trying to release the arm so it can punch holes. There are no instructions whatsoever.
My needle broke the first and only time I tried to use the Perfect Stich Pro. Which I just realilized is not the same name as the picture or what Amazon is sealing. The directions do not show how to catch the sew under the bottom fastening plate. I'm not exactly happy but I will give it an other try.
The great thing about this paper is its size. You don't often find origami paper that's larger than 6 X 6 inches. However, the paper is a little too thick for the intricate folds required of most origami. In addition, the paper is a solid color -- that is, the same color on both sides. I did not realize this when I purchased this product. This is fine if your origami design does not require the contrast of color that traditional origami paper provides or if you are an experienced folder. If you are new to origami or trying to teach origami to young students, the solid coloring can be confusing as most origami instructions refer to a colored side and a white side.
The package sucks as a pen holder except if you're traveling and do not want the pens rolling around loose anywhere.The pens are awesome but if you're heavy handed you NEED to be careful, the smallest nibswear down fast.
very overpriced i think. the wool itself is fine.it arrived on time but was in a huge box filled with plastic bags.
Machine is in excellent shape; works like a dream. Only available one at the time! Did arrive two days before Christmas, but still wish other shipping options had been available. It took several weeks to arrive.
The Amazon product description states the crochet hooks to be 8.8 inches long. In reality, the length is nearly 7.0 inches. While the size of the hook is adequate, the length is not. I have ordered these items from both JoAnn and eSticker. All the hooks (sizes M and N) were only 7 inches long, and not the 8.8 inches stated. Also, the small image does not covey much of the detail of the crochet hooks.
This little sewing set is great! The scissors actually cut the string. It provides a few different colors of string. Also, everything snaps into place and stays put. This is the best thing about the sewing kit.
This product was OK, but I did not want it. I ordered the glue sticks along with a glue gun. When Amazon informed me the glue gun would not be here for Christmas I canceled my order for the glue gun and tried to cancel the glue stick order. Since the glue sticks were coming from a differenct third party I was not able to cancel the order. I wound up paying more for shipping of the glue sticks than they cost and didn't need them.
We use Sculpey "Original Sculpting Clay" in our mold making business for making simple pieces that will not be needed long-term or subjected to a lot of stress. This is easy clay to work and takes detail without much effort, but it is not durable and can dry out if not baked. Since we don't usually want to take the time to bake our pieces, we useSuper Sculpey Polymer Clay - Semi-Transparent Beige-Pink - 1lb.when we need a more durable medium.Recommended!CFH
The most serious problem with these scissors is that the red locking clip won't stay open. If you don't hold the scissors exactly upright, the clip flips to closed position while the scissors are open. This gives your hand a good jar when you expect to close the scissors all the way but hit the clip half-way through your cut.I could have solved this problem by breaking the clip off and living with the fact that the scissors couldn't be locked shut if it weren't for the second problem -- the scissors just don't cut that well.Most of what I cut is packaging -- plastic wrap, cellophane, cardboard. The OXO scissors will cut through single sheets of paper, but when it comes to getting into a package of plastic-wrapped meat these scissors literally can't hack it.Do yourself a favor. Kitchen scissors are important, so splurge on a decent pair. I replaced the OXO scissors with a pair from Wusthof. The Wusthof scissors aren't spring-loaded and they cost more, but they're a dream to use.
OK! Thanks. Otherwise, this holding tool is too small on the head and is hard to keep the ring stability to solder it.
For years I used a &quot;regular&quot; pair of scissors. They worked, but I really wasn't happy with them. Then I got bitten by the OXO bug and I am replacing EVERY thing I can with OXO stuff! So, my latest step was to replace the scissors....great idea. Love them. Love the &quot;feel&quot; of them in my hand. Cut great and store in my knife holding block. I am a happy camper.
This is a good kit, and has more blades than one might ever need. However, upon opening the package the entire case fell apart. As one reviewer stated, super glue is a good thing.
OK, but try to find the curved blade. The angle helps to cut tape off easier.
In doing a lot of remodel work, I've had to use wood putty to cover up a blem or two. I've been frustrated by many different brands, but this one just seems to work. You give it a good mix, and it has a great consistency that goes into place and doesn't roll back out. It dries very quick - you'll quickly learn to not get such a large amount on your knife at a time! It accepts stain better than any I've used as well. I bought a few different colors and have had good luck mixing my own shades when necessary. I've used it on millwork, floors, under paint, varnish, stain, tung oil, poly, and it has held up great. I'm a big fan of this product. Oh, and if it dries out, you can refresh it with the Famowood solvent, but I've had good luck just using acetone.
This is not not enough and is way to expensive .There is no difference than with Ritz dye..I wish I never paid so much for a product that fades..It didn't even work..
I thought these would be a plain looking plastic but they have a pearl finish. The smallest is really thin but you will not use big yarn with it anyways. These are really light and great for someone you has tension issues. They are flexible so you don't have to worry about getting in tight spots.
This was recommended by some longtime quilter friends. I am a novice quilter and wanted some good basic starter tools.
Eraser shields like this, most useful with a motorized eraser, was a standard drafting tool for decades. It does not rust, and unless it gets bent up, should last a long time.Having done hand drafting, I have wondered why the shield had this particular pattern of shapes. Some make obvious sense, like the circle, the teardrop, and the various straight line strips of various lengths, but some of the others are rather odd, and I rarely used them. There are many round edges, because a sharp edge would tend to wear down the eraser more, but there are times when a nice square corner really comes in handy. Why so many circles of the same size, when you just need two circles to make an evenly spaced dashed line? A few more circles of different sizes, and a square or rectangle or two, might have been useful additions.Too many cutouts in the metal would make the shield prone to bending, but it doesn't seem that much thought went into the selection of the pattern of shapes, and surely more shapes could have been added. As a result, for many decades those involved in fields like engineering and architecture, had to make do with a product that very easily could been made more useful. All that lost productivity! Well, it's too late now, as hand drafting has largely become a thing of the past.If you do hand drafting, this is still a good tool to have. As with many drafting supplies available thorough Amazon, the shipping charge is a killer, so you might want to check at your local graphic arts store.
For the most part, this lot is decent. The colors are pretty. I wish the beads were bigger. Some 8mm and 10mm in the mix would be good. The 3mm seem way too small.I would give 5 Stars if I could pick my own sizes and colors!
Well, the book isn't spiral so after a while of using it, all the papers fly out. The page isn't flat, either- it's really bumpy, plus, if you use too much watercolor, it still get's curled up- isn't that what watercolor paper SHOULDN'T do?
I guess I was expecting more. I found it didn't stick real well, and the vecro held better than the adhesive so it would rip up. Definately for light weight projects.
The knives were okay, but I had to return the product since the case could not securely hold the spare blades.Box was cheap particle board with a veneer. The inside lining was cheap plastics that tears easily, cannot see it holding the knives after repeated use.The knurled metal of the knives did feel good in the hand, and the metal shaft felt well balanced when doing detail work.Skip this if you need a decent case.
This perforator does exactly what it was purchased for, but since it is so small, it feels kind of awkward in my hand. I bought this tool becuase I needed it to accurately make a straight perforated line. Since the blade is so small, I cannot have it rest against my guide ruler. I am able to get it to work, but it is not perfect. But, for the price, I cannot really complain. I have not yet located another hand help perforator tool.
The description says brushes but this only includes one. Great quality, with the handle and bristles, but not expected at all.
I bring my toaster oven to my enrichment classes to do with the kids, and use the Shrinky Dinks brand and it's always worked for me. But I decided to give this "White" color of this Grafix brand a try, which was cheaper, and it just wouldn't flatten back out for me. I left it in the oven for a long long time, and still, it wouldn't flatten. The sheet is also not as thick as the Shrinky Dink brand after shrinkage (about half the thickness). I've tried it with sanding the paper down and not sanding it, and still it doesn't work. What am I doing wrong?
This foot did not work properly on my Singer CG590 machine (which is listed as a model that it should fit). The upright metal bar totally prevented the needle from lowering to form a stitch. I tried attaching it at various different angles with no success.I'm an experienced sewer, but fairly new to quilting, so I thought perhaps it was some error on my part. So, I took it to my quilt group (of very experienced quilters), and they were also unsuccessful at getting it to work.I returned it. The bright part of this experience is that amazon.com is great at handling returns! They proactively intervened on my behalf when the reseller (Metropolitan Warehouse) wanted me to pay for shipping since the foot was not considered "defective".
You should always have some sort of knife on you, and this is the one to have when you don't want a heavy knife weighing down your pocket. Those hunting or tactical knives with 6 inch+ blades look real neat, but let's face it, are you really gonna carry one in public? This little gem takes care of most of the chores you need a knife for. It can attach to you keychain or slip right into that mini pocket in your suit or sportcoat.Slim and light, you won't even notice it's there. Doesn't make a lump like those thick Swiss Army knives. Nice to see something made in the USA. The blade is strong and sharp; being a lockback, it won't fold back on your finger like my old boy scout jacknife used to.
as a teacher, I use these to correct papers and LOVE them ... I just wish they left out the yellow and put in a more vibrant color.
A great idea, in theory, but I think this is a very poor design. The wing nuts do not tighten sufficiently to hold the strings in place - they just spin around and around. I will be able to get it working, with a bit of work and a few bits and pieces from around the house, but if I had given this to a child for Christmas I would feel awful about it...
The description made it seem as though these would fit the speedball pen holders as sold on Amazon, which it does not.
I guess this product is OK if you don't mind spending money and don't want to take a few minutes time to make your own templates.Cutting crown isn't difficult with a crown jig like the one Bench Dog makes, but it's still easy to make a wrong cut because you're cutting "upside down and backwards". Templates definitely help prevent mistakes. I made my own templates out of scrap the first time I did crown molding.
I have used prisma colors before, paint, and pencils. Each where true to the color on the label. These markers are not. My peach color does not look peach but more of a pink. They look nothing like the colors that are on the labels themselves, its like whoever filled my set filled the ink with a different color than what was on the label. I will now have to buy an additional set of skin tone markers for my characters. I wish I would have just saved myself the money and would have kept doing my drawings on the computer like I have done in the past. I bought these because it was a good deal and I thought it would be nice if I turned in some hand colored items instead of just computer generated items. I think I will stick to the computer generated items, at least I know what color the color on the computer will turn out. Highly disappointed with this purchase.
I needed pliers in a hurry, so I purchased these hoping they would work like others I have seen used. They did the job of closing the case, but not without a little effort. The pressure applied when closing the pliers on the watch case tends to slip off to one side not locking the case. I have to secure the case on the pliers with one hand and ensure the rubber backing on the plier head keeps level pressure on both sides of the watch case. It's still a good tool for the price...and works just fine.
This little gadget is perfect for creating custom made perforations as you need them. All it takes is a steady hand.
Really like these brushes, however I did cut the bristles on two of them to make them more to my liking/
I was sent 3 ring guards in a regular old small paper jewelry box, and no product information or package. I don't know if this is a legit company, or even the 14k Gold Filled item advertised. This is just as good as false advertising, because I thought I would be sent something BRAND NEW, in it's original package, as I'd expect from any new item I order off of Amazon.Do NOT buy from this seller. I am extremely disappointed that Amazon would even allow this to happen.
When I received this pair of scissors I threw out my old steel scissors and now use this new titanium pair for everything. Mostly to cut things out of newspapers and to open packages. They are very sharp and cut very well and accurately. The rubbery handgrip feels good on your fingers and improves your cutting. An all-around good pair of scissors.
When the sewing kit arrived its carrier box was scotch taped closed; I quickly found out that without that tape the box will not snap closed as designed. I'd intended to occasionally travel with it but that now looks unlikely. I need to store it flat as well for this reason... And I hope I never drop it!
I thought I would use this more than I have so far, but I can see somegreat ideas in my mind for using it to make cards. I am mainly into the scrapbooking, so will be using it for my Grandaughter pages and Spring layouts.
The quality of this mat is top notch. I use it with my rotary cutter and have not had any marks on the mat yet. The mat is fairly heavy so it doesn't move around on the table, which is a good thing. Has a lot of measurement marks for quilting and lining up straight cuts. I find it to be the perfect size, not too big and not too small. It takes up about half of my 6 seat dining room table. I found the price to be good, too, in comparison to buying a mat from a brick and mortar store. I would buy one of these again if I needed to, and I recommend it to others.
This is a great product. I use it for so many things. It is strong, but folds well. I would recommend it.
I have not recieved communication regarding a return request. They don't seem to care about customer satisfaction.
I was so excited when I spotted this product. I am a beginner, so I wanted something inexpensive that I could do simple things on. Well, this is not the machine that I thought. It is anything but simple...it jams, doesn't stitch half the time and very unreliable. I am returning it the first chance I get...I would not recommend this product at all...steer clear!
The smell was not as strong as I thought it was going to be. Used it for a card wanted to smell like apple. i added apple scent liquid I had to inkpad. It was better but probably wouldn't buy again.
I buy just for present so that I do not known its good or not
They are very beautiful, but I feel duped or something. One would thing the package holding the different colors would say more than crystals.....just wondering.
I fiddled with this thing for hours and did not make one mark on paper. It doesn't seem like the tips are even connected to anything... Seriously look for another set. Do not waste your time.
The good: these patches go on easily and are a quick solution. The bad: perhaps my dryer runs hotter than those of other reviewers, but these patches simply didn't survive a washing. At first I assumed I must have done something wrong, so I tried a new patch and made sure to follow the instructions exactly, going so far as to use a stopwatch to make sure I ironed for the suggested time period, but one wash cycle later the patch had almost completely pulled off. I've since tried another brand of patch and it survived the wash without issue.
Worked wonderful in the beginning but half way through my rag quilt and they started to get a stuck feeling! Purchase another brand!
I am one of those type A personalities that want organization at their fingertips. I purchased several Fiskars scissors to have in various areas of the home this way I am not running from room-to-room and I save time. You know how important that is to on schedule folks! The Fiskars brand is reliable and I don't even think about purchasing a generic brand. What would be the use?
What can i say??? Firstly it is definetly worth the money!! I mean sewing on this thing is so good, especially if you are a beginner. Easy to use and just encourages me to sew more. I love this thing just as much as my mother and mother in law love it. They are happy with this one purchase that i have made!!
These are excellent brushes for the money invested. The metal part does not come unglued from the wood when it sits in water like many brushes I've used (although the outside coating on the wood often does flake off but the brush is still useable). Also, I often paint on wood which really tears up brush bristles; these brushes hang in there way better than most.
This cutter is excellent. It is so convienant and easy to use. Just remember to click the blade back into storage after each cut to make sure you don't leave the blade rased and out. It is a very nice sharp blade, so safety first around it. I like to purchase extra blades, but so far I have not needed to replace it yet.
This loop is a 10x loop. I bought it with the dual 10x and 20x loops. This, so called 30x is just a larger diameter 10x. It magnifies exactly the same as the 10x at the same distance and then blurs out when you try to get more out of it. NOT A 30XBTW the sheet metal case is so sharp and unfinished, I cut myself trying to open it.DO NOT BUY FOR KIDS!
itworks wonderfully and springs back into shape after it is cleaned, It is easy to use and now I want a whole set.
I don't have much space at my office for picture frames, but I have a locker and file cabinet next to my desk. These work perfectly.
I am a mosaic artist and like to keep a variety of materials handy. The glass quality was so poor I thought it was some kind of plastic. It appeared to be random glass objects that were smashed and tumbled. It was disappointing because Amazon is my "go to" place(I have your Amazon rewards credit card). I was forced to shop at EBay to get a decent selection of choices.I chose the one star rating because you didn't offer a zero option .
I bought this tube to carry my scientific posters. The posters are 3 feet by 6 feet. This is just about the limit for this tube. The "locking" mechanism that keeps the tube extended is not stable and can unlock easily. I had a poster become unfastened in the tube and had to destroy the poster to remove it. The tube itself is light.
I have had a pair of these shears for more years than I can remember. Time for a new pair.My old pair was easy to open and close but the blades are getting dull and chewing up the fabric.These are hard to open & close. The soft grip would be nice IF they were easier to open & close.I did not realize this issue because as soon as I got them, I gave the packaged shears to a friend who was cutting out dog bandannas for a rescue fund raiser we had scheduled. She does not sew so she did not know they were supposed to be easier to open etc. She just returned the unused fabric & shears, which is past the 30 day return period.When I tried to use them yesterday on some cotton broad cloth, I was shocked at how hard they were to open and close. Silicone spray didn't help. My husband and I tried a number of things to try to get them to open more easily. At the end of cutting the pattern, I had the beginning of a blister on my lower thumb where the "soft grip" rubbed my thumb constantly when trying to use the shears....These would go back IF it was within the return period.
It was listed as a PE Design not a PED Design. Not what as it was represented since it will not pick up most PES designs. VERY disappointed!!
Case came to my home all scartched up..One of the two cases had a broken hinge and it could not be used!!! Very bad product stay away if yer smart!!!
Although some animators use much larger and more expensive light boxes to draw with, this simple desktop version is a cheaper and more manageable alternative. We use these in all of our Manga and Anime workshops. The box provides a nice even lit area (no "hot spots") and a slight tilt to the drawing surface to make it more like a drafting table and easier to see what you are doing. The built-in pencil slot is handy for holding a few frequently-used pencils or pens. The lightweight plastic body and small size make it about as portable as you can expect a lightbox to be. It could use a carrying handle, though!
I bought these to be used for cooking shears. But one time, in a panic I need to cut some aluminun hardware in my computer (long-story). And these were the only shears I had in the house that could cut through the 1/8&quot; aluminum. It took some pressure, but not only did it cut through the metal. But I cleaned them and used them soon after for regular use. They are almost perfect (there is some damage).Very impressed! Non-slip plus handle is great safety and comfort!!
These are cheap scissors and are likely to fall apart in a few weeks. I do not recommend this product.
Slightly defective but it does work. The anvil post is crooked. Since the punch does not meet the anvil squarely, you must turn the leather in the hole punch to get a clean, full circle cut.
Absolutely no quality control whatsoever. One out of every two has some defect or other; dried out, empty, only 1/2 full. But, since Avery Glue Pens are no longer available, if you seal a lot of envelopes this is the only choice.Just order them by the dozen...
Though I am not a novice at this sort of stuff, I bought this because it was very basic and user friendly. It is easy to use in regards to setting up and threading etc. But I can't seem to get the tension right. I have tried every stabilizer and thread tension, but it never comes out right. I've tried it on T-shirt material because I thought this would be the easiest and I still can't get it to embroider properly. I can't get any help from the company. This machine has been sitting at my house for 5 months and not one shirt came out right! Anyone who can help me, please email me at yjrose712@yahoo.com
I am an amateur with sewing to say the least- this is the first sewing machine that I have ever owned/used. I really enjoy this machine- it is super easy to use! I had some difficulty when threading the needle but after studying the instruction booklet (which was very helpful) I figured out that I was more or less a complete moron and was doing it wrong. Now that I have it figured out, it is super easy to do. The only issues that I have had thus far were caused by operator error and lack of experience. I am excited to continue sewing with this machine especially now since i have a feel for it!Update: machine is still functioning wonderfully. Just a tip to others- be sure to use Brother bobbins as opposed to the generic ones. I had difficulty with the no-name ones despite them being the correct size, etc.
I needed to dye my polyester coat and this fit the bill. it was great and worked really well. thanks!
I bought this punch the other day because I thought it was a cool idea.I have several thumb punches and they work well and fairly easily. This one is difficult to use. It cuts through, but you really have to push quite hard on it. I also discovered that the flower never fully punches out because there are two notches on opposite sides of each other.After some research I discovered that the notches allow the flower to be folded over for a 3D effect. If the flower is to be used on its own, then it has to be punched out the rest of the way by hand. Not a problem, as long as you know that's what you're supposed to do.That info. should be stated on the package.
Stamp set offered a nice variety to make pictures. Ink pad will need replenishing. A good craft for a rainy day.
Second calligraphy brush rest order. Same as before. Outstanding service - delivered ahead of schedule, arrived in perfect condition.
I ordered this for a Christmas present for my sister's grandaughter, so it is hard to give it a review. It looks very nice in the package and the wooden handles should be very durable.
box arrived bent up and in poor shape kinda looked like it had just been sitting in someones attic for 5 years or so looked much older than i realized
I have to say this was a waste of money, it cuts paper as if you do it with a ruler.
I bought this cutting mat because the reviews were good. Maybe I got a dud or maybe it's just not meant for daily use...but my mat does not self heal and has started cracking along the edges. It didn't self heal even from the beginning but has progressively gotten worse. It also cracks just from being bent a little or from cutting down the same line over and over (I sell items I sew and use the same cutting lines frequently). I've used my mat almost every single day for the past 3 years sewing. Amazingly enough my smaller Dritz mat, which I've owned longer and used just as much, still looks brand new. It's time for me to buy a new mat and I'm probably going to go with Dritz or maybe Fiskars, either way, I'm done with OLFA.
I have been a loyal customer of Gemini Saw from the time they released the Taurus 2.2 ring saw. That goes back almost 14 years. I had nothing but trouble with it, and was given every excuse in the book as to why the blades kept breaking after as little as three hours of use. Needless to say all of the problems were due to me.They questioned the glass I was cutting, the way I was cutting, and my maintenance of the saw itself. Never was there any problem in the design of their saw, or its blades. I was a novice so I believed what they told me. I was terrified to use any pressure for fear the blade would break. I was using three cold packs to keep the blade cool. I was using two drops of detergent and three tablespoons of vinegar and changing my water at the slightest tinge of milkiness. I sat down at the saw with a feeling of dread not knowing when the blade would break and shatter my glass. I was terrified to use it. Then Gemini came out with the Taurus 3. I thought to myself, surely they must have worked out the bugs by now, and that it was new and improved. I scrapped the Taurus 2.2 and purchased the Taurus 3. I give people the benefit of the doubt. Little did I know I was not dealing with a fair company. The problems with the Taurus 3 were as bad if not worse, and Rose their silver tongued spokesperson gave the same old tired excuses. According to Rose they had never seen anything like the problems I was having and told me there was nothing they could do for me. The saw motor broke twice. The technician told me water had gotten in to the motor and rusted and shorted out. Keep in mind this is a saw that is designed to work in a wet environment. I talked to the president of the company Jesse Cogswell, and he feigned shock, telling me that they found a Taurus 3 under 14 feet of water after hurricane Katrina in New Orleans and it still functioned. The problems continued. They told me I needed to buy new raceways. When that didn't fix the problem of broken blades, excessive vibration, and motor failure, they said I needed to replace bearings. Now I have hundreds of dollars of parts just incase anything goes wrong. Finally it was in rep;air and broken so often, I naively bought a spare Taurus 3 as a back up. This finally came to a head with them when Jesse Cogswell took the phone from Rose and started screaming at me "you can kiss my ---! You are getting nothing from me. He repeated this over and over as I sat stunned, until he hung up on me. What could I do? I bought another blade and after three hours ( I kept a log of usage) it not only broke but shattered in three places, shattering the large sheet of glass I was cutting, and cut me in the process. I was was livid. I called them and they gave me the same runaround, but by this this time I had their number and was not nearly as naively accommodating to their excuses. I told Rose that there has to be something wrong here and I need to send it in to be checked. She told me that was unnecessary since there was nothing that could go wrong with their saw, but if I still wanted to send it in, I was to pay for that even though it was five months old and still under warranty. Rose also told me that they had a backlog of repairs, and the soonest they could get it back to me was after January, over two months. Strange, that for a saw which they claim nothing can go wrong, they have such a back up of repairs. I pleaded with them, couldn't I be bumped up since my problem was reoccurring and was not solved and had been going on for so long. I was told by Barbara, their other silver tongued spokesperson "bumped up? I would like to bump you off!" I replied ditto, and she accuse me of threatening her life and Rose told me the police were on the way to my house. While waiting for the police to arrive I decided, this relationship is over, I need to cut my losses and investigate a new company and a new saw. My advice is to stay as far away from this company and its products as possible. I am cutting my losses and considering a Gryphon saw.
I ordered 2 of these Elmer's 3D Washable Glitter pens. One for myself & one for my sister. Weboth do homemade cards. And I do painted T-Shirts. Have tried them for the cards, not for theshirts as yet. They are fantastic. Just open, give a slight squeeze & get started.Adds so much dimension to the cards. The Glitter spreads out evenly & so easy to use.The order came quickly & all in good shape. Would re-order this product again. Dolores in Calif.
I was a little disappointed in that I received only one template. Granted the description never said how many but the image displays three.
Don't waste your money! I ran my jewelry through it 4 times and it looked the same as when I put it in the machine. I even bought the jewelry cleaning solution to put in it, and it made no difference. As for all the "crevice-cleaning bubbles"-there were about 10 bubbles. The worst part is that it can't even be returned-no returns unless it's never been opened or used! What a ripoff! I could have just thrown the money out the window! So, don't fall for it-save your money!
Other reviewers had good luck with these, but I unfortunately did not. I found it far inferior to another water-soluble pencil I had. These are extremely soft and impossible to get a point on. You end up drawing a fat line, which is not very helpful. But worse than that was the sharpening; every time I did, no matter how carefully or how fat I left the point, it snapped. I marked 40 or so 4x4 squares and used up an entire pencil just because the tips kept snapping off. I didn't think the marks left were clear either. On the whole, I much prefer other brands I've tried.
I've been using the Lowell Ego 2-Light Set for a few years now and all I can tell you is not to waste your money. Every time I set it up I promise myself I'll never use it again.You'd be better off getting a light tent or an EZ Cube. They give better light diffusion anyway.Setting up the Lowell Ego is a Royal Pain. Everything is made of cheap plastic. The "fin" that holds up the backdrop is made of clear plastic that is "scored" and will eventually break off from continuous folding and unfolding. It has a tendency to want to fold back, making the backdrop holder collapse in the middle of a shoot.The hardest part is trying to fit the bulb sockets in the plastic holders inside the diffusers. You are supposed to reach in from the top of the diffuser, bend down two plastic holders, put the bulb sockets through the holes and secure them with little rubber caps. That works fine if you have four hands. And the rubber caps have a habit of coming off and shooting across the room before you can get the bulbs in to secure the entire assembly.The diffuser panels are supposed to fit in slots in the bottom of the light socket assembly. However, they keep slipping out. It's not a big deal though, as the system still works fine, even if the diffusers are not seated correctly.If you do finally get everything together, the Lowell Ego works OK. It's not great, but it does the job. You can get some nice photos with this setup. But it's not worth the effort for what they charge you.If you like to torture yourself, then by all means buy this. If not, go for one of those cube diffuser tents.
I was rather disappointed with this product. It was not what I expected. The coating is thin and hard to use. I can't get an even coat on the pliers.Also, it was expensive...I found it later on other sites for 1/3 the cost.
What can a person say about scissors? There are distinct differences between the cheapies and the high performance models - like this one. The soft grip handles are a great feature for comfort, but I also find they actually help keep the scissors in place making for more dexterity in cutting. My true test is on wrapping paper, and these passed with flying colors. They slid right through and didn't catch or the tear the paper once.
Received it in record time and the item was exactly what I was looking for. Thanks and I will shop again with you.
I bought two pairs of these scissors because they looked good and carried the promise of long-wearing titanium blades. The only problem is that the handles are made of cheap, thin plastic and rubber. They break easily if you exert any real cutting pressure. These would be ok for paper and other light duty uses, which is why they get 2 instead of 1 star. But I'd look elsewhere...and remember to keep your eye on the handle as well as the blade before you purchase!
I'm very pleased with the quality of the bead cap. It looks like sterling silver. I love these bead caps!
Pros:nice colormetal tinCons:most of the 72 pencils are bent 3/4 of the way down the pencil shaft4 of the 72 pencils were shorter by at least 25%Have had troubles sharpening pencils. Color core is broken and sharpened tips falls out gravity assist only.I hope this is just a lemon box but do not think I will buy this product again and will be very weary of any Prismacolor Pencils.second star for fast delivery, pencils alone would be a 1 star
Good hoop, but a little off center. I only needed it for hangling fabric in art project, so it disn't end up being a problem.
This thing is perfect size for most desks. and at 8 bucks you can't go wrong! The fact that it it's double sided is also a magnificent feature! I love this thing.
This is a very well built unit with many accessories available to expand functionality....light, extra magnifier, etc. The unit is made of quality materials, and the vendor shipped the unit quickly.
While it's nice that you can pull the sticker off if you put it on wrong, the problem is that the stickers don't stick for any length of time. I had to use glue to get a permanent stick. Not going to buy this again, very poor quality. Little more than copy paper with cheap stickie. Too expensive for the quality. I'm sad.
Used to bleach black iron stains from 45-yr old oak cabinets. Stains caused by moisture and iron component in older cabinet hardware. Works only on stripped and clean, bare wood. Patience and care and it works. Nothing else would remove the stains.Beware,,,not for the careless. Dispose of unused product promptly and per hazardous waste requirements.
I will use the product to finish an item I had been working on. This product is apparently no longer manufactured & cannot be found in local stores.
What can I say, It got here on time and with a little work making it look nice (it was compressed in a box) everything turned out great. Very happy with it.
This product punches fine except the holes punched are at the end of the paper and when put in a binder they end up getting torn as they are too close to the edge. I also tried the Swingline and that did the same thing. I would not recommend this product nor Swingline at all.
I used this to detail a prop pistol from the video game Halo.Clean the surface well, or it won't bond well.You don't need to be generous with this stuff, a little goes a LONG way.rub it on, let it dry for an hour.Buff the shine how you want it.WAIT. WAIT FOR DAYS. DO NOT HANDEL. If you do, you'll notice that the wax will rub off. I got it to not rub off on my pistol after letting it sit in a cool, air conditioned environment for 7 days.**UPDATE**It's been several months since using the product on my prop and its holding up well. The prop went through a few conventions and sweaty hands but has shown no signs of coming off. The material it was bonded to is plastic, smooth cast 300 to be precise. It's worked great. My main suggestions are again, clean the surface, let it dry completely and apply this stuff and work it how you want it. Then, you have to fight the urge to touch, handle, or monkey with it. Seriously, patience is a virtue.
Yes, it can punch 32 sheets, but I had a hard time keeping the paper guide in place at 11 inches. As a result, my punched holes were routinely misaligned. If you are a stickler for quality and perfection, this is not the hole punch for you. Hole punch also includes free oil residue, metal shavings, and fingerprints fresh out of the box.
its a really low quality can not rally ask for more for this price but i wont rally last more then a few months. the scews start getting lose, if you want quality buy something more expencive. but it is a great price for what you are getting for.
I thought these would be useful in scrapbooking and that they would work like embossing powders. They didn't work like that, but there was absolutely nothing to describe how to use them in a different way. Could've been more descriptive with the product beforehand, and the product itself could've contained more information about its use.
I bought this for my 7 year old daughter, and at first it was OK. It is EXTREMELY loud, and it does take a long time (but that helps to teach patience to kids!) but it was worth the wait. Our problem was when it came down to starting a second batch of rocks, the plastic barrel wore down in spots from the tumbling rocks and the water & grit leaked through! So unless you have a powered outdoor shed and only want to use it once, I would NOT recommend this product. We're buying a more expensive, heavy-duty one next time!
I have spent 3 GOD DAM HOURS TRYING TO GET THIS THING TO WORK. the bottom thread won't loop, it keeps getting jammes. all i want to do is cuff some of my damn jeans and i can't even do that. I have yelled into my scream-box atleast 12 times because of this pos.This is def the worst purchase i've ever made on amazon. I will never buy another brother product as long as i live.
I've had the same pinking shears for years. The shears make a very nice crisp zigzag edge--great for both appearance and also for fray-control. The only problem? They don't cut very fast, or easily for that matter, and I always end up with hand cramps if I have much to cut. Recently, I had to cut hundreds of 9" long pennants out of various vintage fabrics. The pennants were then strung on cording to create long stretches of hand-crafted banners and placed throughout the lawns for an outdoor wedding. No way was I going to be able to do that many pennants with regular pinking shears. I've always been happy with my straight-edge rotary cutter; so I ordered the pinking blade. While it definitely made the job of cutting out hundreds of pennants MUCH easier, I was disappointed with the finished edge. The sawtooth on the rotary blade doesn't make the same crisply pointed zigzag edge as the pinking shears do.
This saw frame is no good....the photo as shown is not accurate as the other review stated. The screws have plastic heads, not metal. The blades can easily come loose as they aren't held in place by serated jaws...but rather just a small flat screw. Additionally, there is no point in trying to return the item for anything. I received it as a gift. The purchase price from amazon was 27.59 - but the only way to return the item is to return it directly to the seller since it is a third party. Well, on FindingKing's website, this saw and 144 blades sells for $10 less, which means I would only get credit for 17.73 instead of the 27.59 that was paid for it....and that's only if they pay the return shipping. I will never do business with FindingKing again!
The picture comes out great in this paper I advise you that you should buy this paper it's worth the price
I used the Fiskars scissor sharpener at a holiday gift wrapping job I had, and loved it! So then I needed my own. I also purchased two more for Christmas gifts to give to my sewing/crafting friends! They love the sharpener too.
This item is real easy to use but I wouldn't use it for anything that can be seen or looked at closely. It misses most of the stiches and breaks off the thread so it has to be rethreaded repeatedly. Better off putting out the extra money and getting something that really works.
I purchased this stick a few months earlier. When I opened the package it was completely dried out. I will not buy this product again.
I purchased this product from Amazon.com after reading many, many positive reviews of this product online. When I first received the product, I was very impressed (although I was expecting the cover to be more of a carrying case). I loved the numerous stitch options, the smooth stitching, the overall performance and style of the machine. After about 6 months of average use, the machine started turning slowly, as if something were bound up inside. Everything you read about oiling a computerized machine will say that the machine is oiled adequately from the manufacturer. Well, I am here to tell you that there was a bearing that was completely seized up on the inside of this machine, and in my way of thinking, this was completely due to inadequate lubrication. My machine was repaired and now it just doesn't sound the same or work the same. I suppose once a machine has been completely disassembled there is no going back. I was really very disappointed that after only 6 months of use this machine is basically junk. I replaced my good old Singer that was 25+ years old (a gift from my mother-in-law) with this machine because of the newer, fancier options. Silly mistake.
HOw do I return this item...Please tell me the procedure
I bought these scissors (the 8" version) at my grocery store for less than $2, and they really are not even worth that.These scissors don't open and close smoothly--it requires a little effort. And then, when you try to cut something, they don't cut very well, either. I was trying open a package that came in the mail and these scissors kept getting caught and kind of jammed up, and wouldn't cut, and they'd get stuck, and it was just much, much harder than it needed to be to open my package. Partway through, I gave up on using these and used a kitchen knife instead. It was a difference of night and day. (And my kitchen knives are not that fancy!)I've tried to use them for other things in the past several days, and they are unexceptional in every case: they don't cut paper things well and they don't cut plastic wrap or packaging well. They are pretty useless.These scissors SEEM like a good idea since they're Scotch brand and they boast a 5 year limited warranty, but they're worse than a generic version from the dollar store. And really, is it worth my time and trouble to try and use their warranty to get a refund of $2? Of course not.Pass on these. Buy anything else instead.
i LOVE the mr.sketch markers! they smell sooooooooooooooo good! my favorite is the turquoise, which is mango.black =licoricered =cherryblue =blueberrygreen =mintpink =melonturquoise =mangoyellow =lemonorange =orangebrown =cinnamonpurple =grapedark green =green applemagenta =raspberryMUST BUY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ;)
I purchased this machine less then one year ago. It has been repaired three times since; twice for the take up lever disconnecting and falling into the casing. My hope was to use this machine to do machine quilting and I have had to resort to doing most of the work by hand. My next purchase will definitely NOT be a Singer. The repair costs have almost equalled the purchase cost. Not a good deal. This machine has inferior quality and workmanship. Made in China.I will be buying a new machine soon and it definitely won't be a Singer. Bernina here I come!Don's wife.....
If you have a small photo or picture (3 1/2 inches square) that you want to project and enlarge, this is a good inexpensive projector, but if your photo is bigger and you have to move the photo under the projector to get to another area, it is almost impossible to realign everything. If you move the photo and disturb the projector by moving it slightly backward, forward, or to the side, the focus will change. You have to work in a very dark room to get a good image. If you pull the lens out too far to focus, it will fall out on the floor and break, so be careful. It's okay it you just want to project and trace a small area of your photo, but otherwise, it's a lot of trouble to use.
I am unsure if their is even a difference in the two products;Smart stitch (what i received) & Handy stitch (what I ordered) but, I will tell you that the Smart Stitch does not stitch very well at all. There is not enough room between the needle & the "bottom" of the smart stitch to fit an article of clothing in to stitch. Once you find something to fit in between the needle, it will begin to sew (very loudly, as opposed to the Handy stitch that seemed very quiet on TV) & create a preferated line in the article of clothing. All in all, you get what you pay for, well actually not, you get the generic. Welcome to online shopping & Amazon.
I was so excited to rcv this as a Christmas gift to assist in some mural work. It was the biggest disappointment. If you have a coloring book image with bold black lines and you are in a DARK room... not a dark room, but a room used for photographic development, with absolutely NO light, you can see a blurry image. But totally useless for projecting under normal circumstances.
I am extremely disappointed with my purchase. It was an expensive foot with lousy directions. There were only a couple of pictures for directions. There were no written directions, trouble shooting or anything to assist with using this foot. I purchased the ruffler foot because I make numerous garments with ruffles and I was hoping it would allow me to speed up the process. Unfortunately it takes longer than manually making ruffles. The metal clamps, for lack of better word, catch the fabric and there is not a guide to ensure you sew in a straight line. I would prefer to return this item because it is truly a waste of money.
I should have read the reviews. The ink is dry and the pencils barely show. Saev your money, Do not purchase this product as is. Purchase the stamps and ink pad separately.
I hadn't paid attention to the size! So I was surprised the sheets were so long. This will be great for larger craft projects. I felt the quality was excellent.
Just started using this today. Maybe it's just me but I had a hard time pulling out and turning the lock which opens the punch to accept paper. The mfg. could re-design this with a better gripping surface so you could get hold of it more easily.
What a disappointment! I thought I was getting an ssortment. Just basic colors I could have bought at Wal Mart. Never again for this company. this paper was a fortune plus shipping and handling--Rip Off!
The fiskars I've bought in the last 1-2 years have all fallen apart. Hasn't anyone else experienced this? The plastic handle just detaches from the metal blade. I am really dissappointed since these cost more I expected a little quality. They are even so dull that kids get frustrated; the metal is so cheap my scissor sharpening guy said not to bother sharpening.
These buttons are really cute. I used them to go in the middle of flowers I crochet for my granddaughter. The only reason I didn't give them a five is because there are a couple of little worms that I have no idea what to do with. The others are cute though.
The paper product is good... clean, bright, white...just what i ordered. The only down side (which is why i rated it at 4 stars) is the condition it was in when it arrived. The paper roll looked as if it was rolled by hand, i mean it is not bad looking, but the sides were not flush. Normally when a machine rolls paper, or at least cuts it, the sides are flush. When packed in the shipping container, the roll of paper must have jostled back and forth a bit compressing and wrinkling the very ends of the roll. The rest of the roll is fine. Other than that, good product.
OMG the blue ink is everywhere! The washcloths I used to try and wash the kid are stained blue. My bathtub is stained blue. Somehow ink got smeared on her plastic training potty and now it's stained!! Seriously, seriously false advertising.
I bought this machine previously owned but never used for $15. Everything was still wrapped up perfectly so I know that it was never used. I thought it would be fine though just to hem some cheap ikea curtains. I was afraid of spending a bunch of money for a machine that would only get occasional use. Well you get what you pay for!It is cheap, cheap, cheap. There is only one stitch, which I was fine with. The manual says it has a "real locking stitch". I should hope so! The foot that holds down the material while you sew is plastic. Pretty much everything but the needle is plastic in fact. The spool holder isn't very long, so long spools fly off when you wind a bobbin (the cap won't fit). The 'manual' leaves a lot to be desired.I finally figured everything out, sewed a test strip, and went to work hemming. I got through one mending project and 3 curtain panels. Then on the 4th panel the whole thing crapped out. I could barely even get the needle lifted to rescue my material- the whole thing just died. I took out the bobbin, put everything back in, but no dice! I guess I'm chalking up my $15 loss to 'you should have known better' and a lesson re-learned. I just put in an order on a 'real' machine.
I purchased 6 of these and had to return 4, and the other two were defective. I am very sad about this product.
It doesn't stick. It was such a waste of money. I'm just going to have to throw it away.
This is really a fun kit but you do need a lot of time on your hands to actually build 1,000 paper cranes. I would like it better if the paper was a little bit bigger, so it would be easier to fold, so if you cannot fold tiny pieces of paper do NOT buy this kit. On the other hand it is fun to put together and a fun way to teach your kids to build origami. Also this kit comes with everything you need to start building!
I wasted the money. It keeps losing hairs so if I use it on a painting I have forever to keep brushing the hairs off,m picking them off the canvas, which of course is a bad thing.Bad product, waste of energy and money do not buy.
If you are into serious hobbies, or anything that requires really high quality wood, I would not recommend this bag at all.It worked okay for what I needed, as I was just cutting up some wood to practice with, but for actual use, it's not really ideal.There were a lot of really large chunks of wood, that you really couldn't do a lot of stuff with. If you're looking for a lot of thin slices, this really isn't your bad. Additionally, I know that balsa wood is generally fragile, but some of the thin strips had already broken by the time I received my package.Overall, this wood wasn't really that high quality. It was very rough, and I've seen a lot better for a little bit higher prices.
I got his paper to cover a coffee can, to try to make my own decorator tins. It's pretty paper, but in the photo, the green looks very muted and barely noticeable. The green on the paper itself is very bright. So much so that it kind of looks like Christmas paper. I used it, but I'm not really happy with it, and will just be extra careful about colors in photos when buying from this company in future. The shipping was fast, not too much packaging, product is good, just not what I expected from the photo.
You are better off with hotel room kits... absolute disappointment.the scissors are pathetic and useless. the strings are ok so are the needles. that's about it.
I purchased this set from Joanns when they had a sale....it was cheaper at Amazon, but I didn't want to wait the 2 days it would take for the set to arrive.The instructions were not the greatest, but I found some videos online that made it really simple! I also found a lot of patterns and really great detailed instructions on the provo craft website.So far, I have only used the yellow long loom and I made a scarf while sitting at work...it turned out awesome!!! I just finished my second scarf as a gift for my grandmother...it also turned out beautiful!I will be getting a lot of use out of this set! I have found tons of patterns for different items and different stitches online...just do a google search.There are quite a few loom knitting books out there....I purchased just about every one of them at Amazon as they were much cheaper then they are at my local craft stores!This is actually a very fun and relaxing way to spend an afternoon!
This would be good for someone who only needs this for a one time use and wants something cheap. If you plan on using it for more than just a little, do yourself a favor and upgrade to a cutter that has an oil reservoir and a more comfortable grip. They make them in a "pistol grip" style or a straight style. I prefer the straight style which has a fatter grip area. But even then I still wrap mine with electrical tape so that it contours my hand better.This type of cutter will work, but your cut probably won't be as clean and your hand is going to really hurt after awhile because it isn't very ergonomic.
I purchased this item, because I was looking for a puncher that allows to precisely position and cutout circles with printed elements. Receiving it I liked the design and the way it is handled like pliers/scissors rather than the trandition punchers, that one operates with the thumb. Though I was already worried about the durabilty of the tool, due to the very flexible and weak plastic handles, I appreciated that the punch itself was at least made out of cast iron. After around some 40-50 punches the tool broke. I opened it up and realized that the mechanism transforming the rotational movement of the handles into the translational movement of the puncher uses thin plastic guiders that broke due to the "intense" usage of 40 punches.This could be easily fixed by slightly changing the design and casting the guiders to the frame instead of using the outer plastic casing for guidance. I called up Fiskars hotline and filed a complaint. They sent me a replacement tool at no cost, which I have to point out as good customer service (earning them a second STAR), though the deficit of the device is still present. This tool is not the type of quality that I expect from Fiskars. Unfortunately unless one wants to punch the very thin "Chinese style" paper and only use the puncher about 10 times, I do not recommend this tool.
I'm a fashion Designer, and I was looking for some kind of easy to work and not expensive Thread Serger, I saw many options including the singer brand, but the reviews were not that great,Brother 1034D 3/4 Lay-In Thread Sergeruntil I found this one.I like the price and I took the risk ....And it was awesome!!!, so easy to work with, its really easy to thread and its really smooth and quiet. One of the things I was happy with, its the flat overlock stich, whatever you need to finish with this little machine, its going to be great.Just practice the tension and you going to enjoy it as much as me.
It isn't strong enough for fondant unless it's warm. I need a strong extruder. It keeps falling apart on me.
Love Melissa and Doug items and this is no exception. My 4 year old niece loves stamps and this is her new favorite. Only problem was that the ink pad was dried out and unusable....which made for a interesting birthday party...with a room for of little girls wanting to use a toy which they could not.This can be rectified by a few cheap pads at the local office store....but for such a great company, I would have expected a better ink pad.
This product is great if you are an avid crafter. You get a lot from one charge and the portability is great. I use it with my students in my classroom. Not having a cord to tie me down is great.
They are great once you learn to use them. I prefer regular ones. But if you like this type they are great.
Container cracked after about 3 weeks, before even completing the first batch. Additionally, no fine grit was included in the package. I would not suggest purchase of this item.
Mine turned out beautifully even though I have not done embroidery for awhile. It was easy and relaxing. The pattern to follow is clearly marked,the fabric is just the right weight and weave. I did not have enough of the light-colored floss that makes up the lace-trimmed tablecloth, but that was an easy fix.
Where do I start? This product is garbage and worse, a serious safety hazard.-The cord is only about 1' long making it useless without an extension cord.-The cord is undersized for a heating appliance, making it a shock/fire hazard.-The product is labeled as containing cancer-causing materials.-The product has no brand-name and no rating/listing details. Typical a product like this would be list by UL, confirming it as safe. The blue label in the picture which appears to contain this data does not actually exist on the product. Borderline fradulent advertising.-Heavy duty? What a joke. The trigger broke after an hour of use.-The kickstand doesn't keep the gun up and the plastic nub holding it in place broke after 3 flips of the stand.If you value your time, money, and frustration level, buy something else.I've contacted the seller for a refund. We'll see how that goes.
Was very disappointed because only part of the order came, and the seller was unwilling to admit this was a problem. The discrepancy seems to rest in what appears to be a cleverly placed ad. The photo shows SIX canvases. The description states it is sold/offered in an pack of SIX. The other reviewer also states he/she receives these in packs of SIX. As such, I was expecting SIX as who in their right mind would pay over $13 (incl. $7+ s/h)for a single small canvas when the same can be purchased at a local arts n' craft store for a fraction of the cost?! My order came as a SINGLE canvas, and when I contacted seller to see what happened to the rest, he pointed out to me less visible portion of the ad which solely said "1 canvas." As the more full and bolder description was above it, the impression I got was that what he was describing was 'a' canvas so the buyer knows what to expect when the pack of 6 arrives. After all, no sense in describing all 6 when they would be the same thing. I do think the ad is either deceptive,or not as clearly written as it could be. The photo is also inaccurate, should only show ONE canvas is that is all he is offering. If the canvas was sold as the 6 pack, I would mark it as a good deal, but at over $13 (incl. s/h) for ONE? I would expect higher quality than what was sent me.
I Would never get this product again because the metal is cheep and the cuffs don't even work... Spend the extra buck and get a pair of Smith And Wesson.
You children were able to complete this craft. We then donated it to a shelter. We wanted something that the boys could make themselve and work together. Good craft.
Let me premise this recommendation with the fact that I have been sewing for over 25 years as a hobby. I own my own machine, a Kenmore. I am an engineer who found my love of engineering through my love of sewing. My 10-year-old son has been asking me for over three years to give him sewing lessons on my machine, so I bought him this machine for him for Christmas. This is a lovely machine, well made, and sturdy. This is not a machine that you should buy if you will not have someone who knows about sewing to assist you. This is not like buying a Nintendo DS or a Wii, which are items that are intuitive. The instructions to thread the machine and the bobbin are substandard. We successfully thread the machine and bobbin because they are identical to my Kenmore. If you have never thread a machine before, be prepared for directions that are confusing.If you have some sewing experience under your belt and you can get past the threading of the machine, you will love this machine. If you are buying this for a novice, make sure you get a tutorial book with exercises that the receiver can perform on paper first. I got my son several kits of projects that he can sew for himself (a pillow, mittens & a scarf), but he cannot start on those projects until he has mastered all of the examples in the beginner book. He thought that sewing was easy and that he could make all sorts of stuffed animals, etc. right away. He now has been made aware that mastering sewing starts with a good machine, and practice, practice, practice before you can really make anything.It is a good thing to start on paper, not only because it is good practice but also the machine has been oiled and some of the residual oil will come off on the bobbin thread as you start sewing at first. Please do not use anything you value on the machine until the oil residue goes away (about 1 foot of stitches seemed to do the trick).Also, make sure you understand how to use a sewing machine safely. My son now understands that this is a powerful machine and the needle can go through your finger easily. If you are buying this for a child, please do not let them figure out how to use this on their own. It is like a power tool, so treat it as such.This machine is less expensive than a professional model, but still is an investment. I am looking forward to my children using this for many years to come.
Im not sure if my pen is defective or not, but I havent got the catridges to puncture/load properly-- that could be just me though. My main criticism is that this pen is much much cheaper on art websites-- by about $10. Rotring seems to be a brand gradually discontinuing more and more of its products... I'm not sure if this pen is the best investment to be spending top dollar on, as the true rotring favorite- the rapidograph-- has had its accessories discontinued and are increasingly hard to find, this one may also follow suite. Check other sites before purchasing here.
the problem starts with The manual for the Euro-Pro serger Model 534DX, from it, no one can understand how to thread the BOTTOM LOOPERS.The manual was written by someone other than English speaking as obvious by the paragraph titled &quot;How to use the Lower Looper Automatic Threader (For certain type only)&quot;.The diagrams for the Automatic threader do not continue from the previous diagrams for the lower loopers.Their manual offers 24 hour support, but the 800 telephone number (800-798-7398) goes straight to India, where a man tells you he can't answer your question, his English barely understandable.He also gave me another 800 number(800-361-4639), that only gives you a busy tone.Also part of their telephone support machine tells you go visit their Web site, but is so incoherent that I had to search the Internet to get the correct spelling.then to add insult to injury, their Web site only deals with Vacuum Cleaners, not sergers. I wonder why??I also called HSN, where I purchased the serger, and their Customer Service person could only help me by giving me a non 800 telephone number (517-842-8691), where &quot;people who cant get through on the 800 number have better luck getting through&quot;.Unfortunately, there is no such number.So with 5 xmas gifts to sew and no answer for ONE LITTLE QUESTION, &quot;HOW DO YOU THREAD THE BOTTOM LOOPERS CORRECTLY&quot;?and one expensive paper weight serger, I rate it as useless!!!!!!!!!!!!
the picture made me think i was getting 6 sets of needles i thought it was a great deal but when i got the package it only had one set and the color was not of my choosing most companies put in your choice of colors but not this company and when i emailed the company i did not get a replySusan Bates Crystalites Yarn Needles
My kids are having a ball with this table.The paper rolls out smoothly and is well held in place by the bar at the end.The one disappointment is in ease of clean up. For a children's art table I would think the top would be easier to clean. It really stains easily.
This product is cheap enough but even though its not worth the money.I have a 10x and this does not even come close to the magnification of my 10x. Its more like 6x if that.People learn by their mistakes.Next time I will buy USA rather than products made in CHINA.
This is basically a thin piece of fabric with pinked edges. When ordering it was not particularly clear what exactly this would be like and for the price I took the chance it might be good. I like the size for doing larger pieces, but it is not particularly see through and works no better than a piece of scrap muslin or any other cotton fabric.
I had a rather large project that included the use of a glue gun and glue sticks. These sticks work great and the project went a lot faster than expected. I've also used them for small repairs. Thanks.
Makes cutting slick with a cutting wheel or knife.My wife uses this all the time for her sewing and crafts.
It is good for wide spaces but as you go smaller it just does not do well. I need to get a better one for more detailed work.
I bought this product a few years back, so maybe the new ones are better, but the one I have is somewhat difficult to use for long periods of time.The way it is constructed, the bottom is a square hollow tube, with a light bulb only a few inches away from the opening. You place the tracer on top of whatever opaque photograph or paper you intend to trace. Then, after only a few minutes, the Tracer (because of the light bulb trapped inside its plastic body) heats up to extraordinary temperatures. Within five to ten minutes, it will curl a photograph and turn a printed out picture into a strangely wrinkled landscape because of the extreme heat. DO NOT use originals for tracing that you want to preserve!!!! Make a photocopy!! Also you can only enlarge a sketch that is about 4" by 4", because that is the size of the square opening on the bottom.It has inadequate ventilation (no fans, just a few slits), because vents would make more light escape and make the projection image dimmer. The projection strength is already a little weak because a lot of the light escapes through the few small vents on the top. If you prop the Tracer up on pencils or something to give your photograph room to breathe (so it won't fry), even more light escapes and it becomes really hard to see the tracer projection on the wall. Must use in a totally black room: I had to use mine in a closet, and I had to turn it off every five or ten minutes to let it cool down for about twenty. This can be frustrating when you're on a roll. If you don't use a normal light bulb, but something that burns cooler like a fluorescent, this might work better.Other than all that, for a relatively cheap projector, it will do the trick. It enlarges very well; I made a tiny little one-inch sketch the size of a poster. If you just plan to use this infrequently, and only for short periods of time, it's fine. If you plan to make a career out of tracing small sketches onto large canvasses or something, get a more expensive projector.
Makes its work perfect !! My wife and I, was punching some circles last night, and we was afraid about NON-FINISHED edges, but it cuts perfect.
I purchased this kit, along with about eight others all from this designer. Unfortunately I did not purchase them from Aamzon as I found them less expensive on another site, even when I paid shipping. I have finished about three of the kits and each one is excellent in quality and punches up exactly as the picture. The background fabric is a very nice close weave, almost linen-like in appearance which punches very smoothly and neatly. The designs are printed in the booklet of instructions for you to iron-on yourself. I found I could iron-on the design at least twice, both times getting a nice clean and easily visible print. The fabric is sufficient in size to stamp the design twice. If you are new to needle punch the instructions are well written and clear and will guide the beginner to a beautiful finished project. About the only negative I would comment on is that the floss, while sufficient to finish the project, is not quite generous enough to have much of anything left over on completion. They obviously counted quite accurately when it came to floss requirements, not leaving any room for error. I would like to have seen at least one strand remaining just in case there was some type of mistake. They do, however, identify the floss colors by number so you could supplement with DMC floss if you found yourself in a position of being short flossed. Overall this kit is excellent in all respects and I would highly recommend it for anyone who wanted a cute, quick needle punch project.
When I was asked by a friend of mine to make some bracelets from him, I knew this was a must. It's sturdy, and the compartments come in very handy, especially when dealing with round beads. However, the markings are off by quite a bit. The first go-round, I measured the bracelets out on the board itself to 8 1/2 inches as requested and they ended up coming out to 8 inches! (And yes, I did read the markings correctly as well as used the outside lane). I measured the whole thing with my measuring tape and had to remark everything with a sharpie. If you measure from the 0" point to one of the sides' 13" mark, it came out to be about 12". If you decide to buy, be sure to check your work and keep a ruler or sewing tape measure near by. Having one is better than not, but I wish I had seen and double-checked one in person before buying... It would have saved me a lot of time having to remeasure, remark, etc.
The stamp set is great and when my granddaughter opened it at Christmas, ALL the kids wanted to stamp everything in sight! Mostly their arms! I was glad I ordered an additional stamp pad though. The 2 colors that came with the set were dry and did not work. That was unfortunate. If I had not ordered the additional stamp pads the gift would have been useless. I don't want to return the entire set, but Melissa & Doug/Amazon shoud at least replace the color stamp pads. I'd advise everyone to be sure you have extra stamp pads or your child will be disappointed!
The frame looks very simple and beautiful. However, I noticed the frame is not exactly 4 x 6, more like 3.5 x 5.5. It's cutting off some details on the edge of my picture.
These scissors didn't work for me. They were sharp enough, but after just an hour of modest use cutting 19 gauge copper wire the hinge came apart and the spring popped off down a conduit. The Klien tools electric scissors are far superior in my experience.
I ordered these expecting them to be "Koss Artist Chalk" as advertise, however I received another cheaper brand chalk. So beware who you purchase these from.I ordered through DEDC, so I would not recommend ordering through them.I love my Koss artist chalk (see my review on them), however I did not receive Koss chalk on this order.So, Koss chalk is good however, be cautious of your vendor.
Hooks are fine, but the sizes were VERY small or VERY big - I needed more in-between sizes for my project.
I am so pleased with the Jack Dempsey stamped quilt blocks I ordered through Amazon. I saved a great deal of money on the product and it saved an enormous amount of time because I did not have to drive all over town trying to find the number of packages I needed to make my quilt. This is the third quilt I have made from patterns designed by this company and they are beautiful when finished. The first one I made went home with an exchange student from China. She loved it. I would highly recommend these products to everyone.
Product is a good value for the money. DVD tutorials give you good product information on the variety of stitches and how to thread machine. Easy to use and threading in clearly marked. Only gave it four stars because the machine is light weight in construction and at low speeds, foot control is not as smooth as more expensive machines.
I was really excited to get this as I desperately needed it for my business, but I've yet to get it to work! (and the package looked yellow/old) It turned on & I got the little design up on the screen, but when i went to print on my item it wouldn't print. First I thought it was the ink it came with that was dried up so I went off & got a new cartridge...nothing...wouldn't print & this time after holding down the button like it tells you to do, everything on the screen just disappeared & I had to power it on again. So this time I took off & got a new battery for it thinking maybe that was the problem..yup-you guessed it..again nothing. Put it off to the side to try & figure it out later, when I do I will let you know.
Grateful we can still find these sewing supplies somewhere even if we have to hope it is exactly what one wants. I know those who sew are shrinking in numbers along with stores that carry such supplies. Have not used the protect yet however, it was needed for my supply closet.
Perhaps the degree of doming is wrong for my finger, but this really didn't work for me. Also, the adhesive disks didn't work well. Worth a try though.
I am a 7th grade teacher that saw this stamp set and had to have it. It definitely saves money from buying a million stickers all the time. The stamps are great and so are the stickers and pencils; however, the stamp pad came completely dry. After adding water to it, it works better. At the same time though, I don't want to have to add water in order for it to work. I will definitely have to buy another stamp pad in order for this set to be useful. The only other problem is that it's hard to get the stamps out of the box they come in. Otherwise, the set would be perfect if I had a stamp pad to use it with!
This product is just what I was looking for. If you want perfect pay the bigger bucks. For the money this is a great deal even if the case doesn't shut.
Through trial and error, I am pleased to say that the Picturemate is relatively easy to operate. In just a few minutes, pictures that have been stored in memory are brought back to life, and making any adjustments to the photos is easy to do as well. I'm glad I purchased this printer, and I will recommend it to friends.
I was so excited about getting this machine. so many more features than the similarly priced brother machines at wal-mart. i grew up with the singer name, and know it's reputation for quality machines that last forever. well forever was way too short on this one. cutting the price corner and getting the refurbished machine was a big mistake. it arrived with everything in tact, looked shiny and new, despite having a plain brown box with &quot;factory serviced&quot; stamped on the side (note: this box doesn't seem to be adequately padded for the tough and tumble world of ground shipping). when I went to use it, it didn't work. lights on, but nobody's home. on closer inspection, there is a screw missing from the external case (evidenced by a small marking in the plastic and an empty threaded hole) and in some places the case is not even put together right (plastic overlapping where it should be tongue-in groove). Singer only covers refurbished machines for 90 days (full warranty) and 1 year for the motor and belts. But service will cost you plenty with shipping (this monster weighs in at 17lb) unless you live near a service center. Needless to say, this one is going back to amazon and I'll never buy a &quot;serviced&quot; model again.
I did nothing but struggle with this machine. It was so fussy--it would break pretty much every time I used it. And there was no consistent problem. Sometimes it would freeze up, other times get jammed, other times chew up my fabric. Don't waste your time or money!
This is not a beautiful piece of furniture, but a nice accessory for an office desk. Makes organizing much easier. I like
I assumed that the 5 in the product title description meant i was getting 5 scissors. Especially since the price was around 8 or 10 bucks! I believe the seller maant 5 inch scissors. Obviously im extremely annoyed to have payed that much for a single pair of scissors that ive seem sold for 2 or 3 buck around town.
Does a 70/30 job of cutting perfect corners. You need to turn the punch upside down to watch your alignment.
7 punches make this hand puncher difficult to operate with more than 2 pages. Sometimes gets stuck and makes difficult to get paper out. Unfortunately, if you need 7 punched holes for use with the Day Timer portfolio, choices are limited.I would not recommend this product to a friend.
I went to use it and the trigger broke didn't even get to use the 2 free glue sticks not worth it at all i could buy a better one for the price of the shipping and handling do not buy this item its not worth it
This machine had mixed reviews when I ordered it. I was desperate for a new one since I had 40 play costume pieces to complete. The tension adjusts well, it threads quickly although I don't use the needle threader. I have not had any speed issues - runs the same as my 20yr old Singer. The free arm is removed and replaced easily. Still running well after several weeks of continuous sewing. Used felt, broadcloth, muslin and interfacing. Did not run into problems with multiple layers of felt/interfacing. Well worth the money
My son's #1 fave color is purple. So I was a little annoyed that there was light blue, dark blue...but no purple! The paper is a little on the thin side, but nice vibrant colors.
This is a neat tool. The knife end is dull enough that it can be used to smooth some things like lips of a clay figure. The teardrop-shaped end is better for corners of mouths, eyes, and smoothing the edge of the nose into a face.- Don Carlson, animator
I thought that this product would be good to use to stitch things easily and quickly. It's probably the worst thing that I bought last year. I don't know if it was just my unit that sucked but it crapped out on me after the second use. The first time I used it I got so frustrated because it wasn't working right that I said I'll just do it tomorrow. The second time I used it, it started to fall apart. I do not think this is worth the money and if I could give it negative stars I would!
Ok after 5 days it's still tacky. I even put it out in the sun to dry. Nothing I do will get rid of the tackiness.I've had cheaper glue that worked better.I would not reccomend that anyone buy this glue unless you want a tacky feeling puzzle.I did not overuse the amount of glue in fact for a 1,000 piece puzzle I had more than 1/3rd of the container left.
I actually have not tried using the press cloth yet, and felt it was a little thin, but I am satisfied with my purchase. I thought the price was a little high for what I received, but on the other hand it is convenient to just sit down at the computer, order something and have it show up at my door in a few days. Thank you.
I bought this mat expecting the measurements to go up to 12 and 18, but nope they only go up to 11 and 17. they include the borders as part of the measurements. I returned this item before opening and ordered a different brand.
My mother bought this &quot;sewing machine&quot; for me, thinking that she could save some money. I used it for one night, then I became so frustrated with it that I quit. It would frequently jam. It is now collecting dust on my bookshelf. It is incredibly hard to use and I would recommend it to no one!
I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE A BETTER ITEM THEN IT REALLY WAS. NOT TO HAPPY ABOUT IT. JUST OK.
It fell apart in the first wash. The fabric it very thin and doesn't hold up well. We didn't like it.
When I gave this to my wife she was very happy and even more when she was able to follow the guide and do fancy stiches and such she just loves it.
I ruined a couple of belts trying to make holes with scissors, with nails, and It simply does not work. Taking the belt to the shoe repair store will cost you more than what you paid for the belt, not counting the time you spend on the trip,..This leather hole punch does a great job. It has different hole sizes, it's not heavy and very easy to use. I had to punch strongly, though, but the holes came out perfect. For the price and the quality, this guy earns 5 stars.
I purchased this as a Christmas gift for the kids. Within an hour of this being played with, the cheap plastic material this is made with had a hole in it and one of the handles was beginning to tear off. This is probably best for a baby to roll around or sit and play on. Amazon promptly had UPS pick this up and we were refunded very quickly. I was surprised at how little this weighed, now I know why. I love Amazon, just not cheaply made tumbling mats.
Not worth it if you are only buying this product as shipping cost is very high
I did not buy enough of yarn. I went back to buy more it was discontinued.I found it on Amazon.com [..]. It ended up to be less money and the quality was first rate. I would use them again. My blanket was able to be finished in time for the newborn baby.
These are excellent brushes for the money invested. The metal part does not come unglued from the wood when it sits in water like many brushes I've used (although the outside coating on the wood often does flake off but the brush is still useable). Also, I often paint on wood which really tears up brush bristles; these brushes hang in there way better than most.
I considered rating this five stars, but five stars are for stuff I absolutely adore, like addi turbos and harmony wood from knit picks. So these aren't there. But you know what? They also don't cost nearly as much! I didn't have any split wood or any of the issues other reviewers mentioned. I think they're actually pretty comparable to some hiya hiya DPNs I have, but at a fraction of the cost. They're clearly sized and sizes are accurate, pretty durable (yes, it would be fairly easy to break the size 1--duh), smooth, and can get the job done. So if you want a very complete set of DPNs (from toothpick to Lincoln log) at a reasonable price, this is an awesome set.
This works great however some of the glue stick that I have purchased had dried up and I couldn't use them for my project.
I bought these to use for photography, it will work fine for what I want, and I'll likely purchase at least one more to make sure because of the good price, but the edges of the paper were damaged from how it was packaged. It was shipped in a small box just big enough. I'll update after purchasing the second roll.
I have found most Fiskar shears to be of good quality over the years... and I loved this specific model for quite a while. I do a fair amount of cutting and the spring action etc. is all the good things that others have already mentioned. Eventually, (before the scissors had been used extensively) - the spring popped out. It looked okay - but did not work well on reinsertion. Without the spring action - the scissors are no longer easy to use. I think I only need a new spring - but haven't figured out where to get one yet. If anyone has easy info about that - I'd appreciate it.
I like to mount multiple stamps on the press plate and stamp them all at once. You do have to make sure that all the stamps are the same depth so they all receive equal pressure though.
Much better than the battery operated kind. But you do have to take off the retractable guide to get any results. It then does a good job of shaving off the sweater fuzz.
I used this to punch TWO sheets at once... It jammed and wouldn't come undone... Completely ruined my paper.. Thanks..
The color is a really a washed-out black/ dark gray. You get what you paid for. Spend more if you need black paper.
Placed a rather large product and the company filled and shipped the order promptly. My art group was thrilled to have this product. The very large type was another big plus!
This paper is NOT magenta. It is downright PURPLE! Not AT ALL the color I was looking for. Also the paper was not the soft &#34;construction paper&#34; texture I expected, but I leave that as my fault.
I knew this would be low quality given its cost, but the box hinges were broken, the plastic is brittle, and the blades lack any strength and become burr-inflicted when shaving plastic.
I bought this chair because it was recommends to go with a 4D Concepts Kids Desk sold by Amazon. I had to return it because it was WAY too small. My daughter is an average sized 7YO. When she sat at the desk in this chair, the desktop was at her upper chest/neck. This is a kiddie chair meant to be used with a toddler desk. Otherwise, it was fairly easy to put together, seemed fairly well made. Just be aware that it is very small.
Not to happy at all. Daughter was all excited to open her new Christmas gift only to find out it had a bad motor and didn't work properly. How am I suppose to tell her that Santa didn't make it right. If you could of only seen the sad look on her face...
Haven't used the machine much yet, but satisfied so far. I have limited sewing skills and ambitions and this machine meets my skill level without too many extra bells and whistles. It is as described in the product listing. The only improvement in the listing I could suggest is a more detailed description of the attachments included. I had to go the manufacturer's site for that and was still not entirely confident that all attachments would be there - they were.
The handcuffs I got look old and they do not lock, with a enough pressure you can pull them apart. I gave these handcuffs one star because they can be good for paperweight. To help make your decision easy these handcuffs suck.
I thought it would give you ideas of how to paint or what to paint but it is just the paint itself and a sponge, which is a little overpriced for what it is. Great concept and it turned out really well, just wonder if i could have bought some non toxic paint at the local store for 10% of the cost.
Fiskars makes a good product. In using this for a scrapbook project (my first time), I found that it sat nicely on the page, was easy to keep in place and cut cleanly.
This is a great idea in theory, but the fringe in our kit is too short to knot easily. It's difficult for an adult, let alone a child. If the cuts were longer, then we wouldn't have had to pull and stretch to get enough material to make knots. There wouldn't be puckers. Funny that the fringe in the video was plenty long.
If Elmer's ever stops making this neat, gloopy paste-stuff with the little stick on the lid, then the USA will have officially ceased to be.This stuff was great for paper and cardboard and things like that, and it even tasted good. I used to finish a bottle every day before social studies. I hear Elmer's is coming out with new flavors, too.Get the kids hooked today!
delivered on time. the picture showed it can sew everything but not on thick material. overall it is economical......
very overpriced i think. the wool itself is fine.it arrived on time but was in a huge box filled with plastic bags.
This is much lighter than I expected-- although it is exactly as advertised. It will probably be on the floor more often than not. It is just that I am used to the heaver mag. pin cushions.
This product will save you an incredible amount of time. Easly trim photos into interesting shapes and create matching mats to place them on. The kit contains the Fiskars Shape Cutter plus a cutting mat (use the self-healing side) and four shape templates. You save quite a bit of money purchasing them in the kit rather than seperate. One bit of warning: the shape cutter takes a little getting used to. Practice on scrap paper the first few times and if you're still having problems go to a local craft store and ask them to demo it for you. I promise once you get the hang of it you'll love it, but it took me a few tries to get it right.
I got this for my 11-yr-old granddaughter. Due to one review that the product was not big enough for the reviewer's granddaughter, I bought two of them...thinking of making one XL quilt. Actually, one was plenty big for my granddaughter (who is not small) to use as a lap quilt. She enjoyed working on it and we did a good portion together. Then, of course, she decided I wasn't working fast enough for her, so she finished by herself!
I liked this product overall, which was good since I and my sisters-in-law did a lot of the work. My niece (who is six- may have been a little young for the product) really liked the idea of making the quilt, but wanted the product to be finished "yesterday." She did help and was able to pick up the fairly easy knotting technique quickly, cutting down on frustration.Upon finishing it, she was very happy to be able to say she made it, so in that aspect it beats a traditional present by a mile. Yes, I could have gotten her a fleece blanket with some pattern (which is what it is; it can't be compared to actual quilting), but she was much more excited about this.Would buy again.
We are organizing our costume stock and large quantity safety pins are in big demand. Wish this came in a larger quantity, but they do serve the purpose.
I have had three Singer machines in the past, and this Brother machine exceeds all of them for ease of use, quality, speed, options, and problem free sewing. The instruction manual explains everything simply, and is easy to follow for beginners as well as seasoned users. I am thrilled with this machine and highly recommend it.
The hanger worked well, but I did not like the look of the pink stone. It looked cheap to me and was not faceted to make it sparkle.
Like so many others who have left reviews for this lighter I ordered multiple PB207 lighters and instead got the model PB207-CR which is the child resistant (CR). At 60 years old, the dexterity of my fingers have trouble with the CR "locks" so I did not want this model. I called to make the order to avoid this and specifically asked Amazon to NOT send the Child Resistant (CR)lighters and they assured me they would not. They did anyway. Evidently even when you speak to an Amazon representative at the time of order they don't care enough to make sure you are getting what you ask for.
Perfect for attaching my over-the-belt phone holder to my belt loop. This method has already saved me from losing my phone. The only problem was, one of the FOB's broke. It was a bit flimsy. In fairness to the seller, I did not contact them to report the problem. I would buy this FOB again.
The hole in the center is much smaller than I expected and the wood inside wasn't well sanded so the yarn tube that comes out is covered in wood pieces and has been caught and pulled. I bought this as a gift for my daughter for Christmas and I was really disappointed. I'm going to be purchasing her a plastic one from a craft store.
My only complaint about this roll is that it is not Heavy weight at all! It is very thin but it works for what I bought for (finger paints and coloring), so i am giving it 4 stars.
Don't waist your money on this machine. I purchased one two years ago and it has been sent back for repair twice and it is broken again-same thing,it won't take up the bobbin thread!The last time I sent it back, it took them three months to send it back to me. Customer service is very rude!I won't bother sending this one back. I haven't even worked five hours on it!Please don't waist your money and time!
It fits to small and light project. But it's not heavy enough to hold my hand pushing on the canvas or drawing board.
Worked fine once we found out how to use it one sewing machine. It would help to have some directions on to put on the foot on sewing machine.
It cuts paper just ok, but I tried foam board about 1/10" thick and it did very bad job. I used to cut foam board like this before with regular Office Depo paper knife. Disappointed.
Unfortunately I recommended CS6000i to a senior center where I teach quilting. The center purchase 3 machines and they all have problems. The machines are making clunking noises and the thread keeps tangling. The walking foot gets stuck, the tension is horrible. I don't know what to do now. The center can not afford to get these machine repaired. If anyone have any suggestions, please let me know. Now the pressure foot lever does not stay all the way up.
This is a great carving block to practice with for the price. I just prefer a stiffer carving medium for precision. If your design doesn't require a lot of precision or your hands can't handle the stiffer premounted linoleum blocks, this is a decent carving medium to consider.
After checking with every hobby store in town, I was frustrated that no one carried the size protectors I needed for my photo albums.
I'm impressed with the fabric cutting of this tool. We have two of them! We do a lot of charity work with fleece blankets.
Um, it's construction paper, how much can I say. Boy this stuff is great! It's them best pink construction paper I've ever seen in my life!
This machine is really just OK. It sews which is why I bought it. But, it also sticks. I have to get it started with the hand wheel about half the time. That's kind of aggravating. But then again, I onlyl use it for mending. I hardly every really "sew" anymore.
I am a professional engineering designer who has been using CAD since 1983, but prior to that I used to do drafting manually. I still have a need to do some manual drafting on some old plans or do some preliminary quick layouts. Timely templates are perfect for such tasks and would be perfect for anyone that is doing manual drafting. Their flexible material makes them extremely resilient to breaking or cracking. I have owned some Timely templates since 1978, and they are still as good as new after 30 years of use. Timely templates are pure pleasure to work with. I recomend these templates for professionals, hobbyists, and students.
Nice product. It serves the purpose for what I was looking for. A little pricey for the quality.
About an ounce of this liquid to my five ounces or so of water produced AMAZING results! I chose this particular solution over the other "generic" brand because of the reviews people have given, and I must say, it does not disappoint! Your jewelry will be *clean*! Great product!
I use this to cover the windows in my warehouse. I was originally going to order mini-blinds but that would set me back about $1000 to cover all the windows. I decided to use this product instead.For my application, even though this product is somewhat thin, you cannot see through it, even with light shining on it from the opposite side. The light shows through the duct tape much more than this paper.Light does come through to some degree as the black paper shows up as opaque in my surveillance cameras, but black in person. But looking from outside in, it does act as a nice privacy screen.It is very easy to cut. I roll out as much as I need, mark and cut with a utility knife. A utility knife is best, since the blades will wear out quickly, cutting over a concrete floor. Using scissors will prove inaccurate and slow.
This projector must be used in an absolutely dark room to be effective at all. The projection is very weak and the area that it can cover from an original is very small. I had to keep moving my original around and trying to get it lined up against what I had already traced on the wall. It is inexpensive and you get what you pay for. If you only need it occasionally for small items, it is okay. If you plan to use it a lot or do any kind of large project, it will be frustrating.
My son's #1 fave color is purple. So I was a little annoyed that there was light blue, dark blue...but no purple! The paper is a little on the thin side, but nice vibrant colors.
This was pretty good for the price. The only complaint I have is that there is pink on the wings of my mat, but no pink yarn. Will probably need to substitute the color for another color that has extra yarn. I just hope there is extra. It was appropriate for my 9 year old and kept her busy for a while. Directions weren't that great, but if you look on you tube, there were videos to teach you how.
We bought this to patch up the ellbow parts of my favorite hooded sweater. Within 48 hours, the patches started coming off completely - we had ironed them on the sweater.For what it's worth: my wife ended up using stitches to make sure they wouldn't come off again. They do the job now, but not the way it was advertised. 5 bucks is still a good deal to salvage your favorite clothes but you better have a sewing machine, or be good with a needle and wire.
I purchased this item on sale and was so excited. The first one I received had a defective bobbin case and upper thread tension. Sent it back for a replacement. The replacement had a crooked extension table, a broken walking foot, and a defective spool pin (the spool FLEW off the machine when threading the bobbin). So I've returned the second w/o asking for another replacement. If this machine works out for you that is great. Just thought I should let prospective buyers know what I experienced.
This was supposed to be a gift, but it broke after 3 uses, sent in and after 35 days we got it back and it broke again. It took 45 days but they sent a new one and it broke after about 4-5 uses. The cheap nylon gearing is the problem so after a few uses on normal cotten material, the gears strip and the arm locks in position. Avoid at all costs.
I find that the units are of mediocre quality. It has multiple shelf slots but, after calling Safco, I found out that the additional shelves are not avilable. I was truly disappointed. It serves my needs in sorting but the shelves are too far apart.
Excellent picture quality, but ink expires long before you get to 150 prints. Also, the second ink cartridge was defective!!!!Tough item to assess.
My son's #1 fave color is purple. So I was a little annoyed that there was light blue, dark blue...but no purple! The paper is a little on the thin side, but nice vibrant colors.
Don't be fooled by the pic with the toddler girl in the chair (blue shirt yellow pants), she is not a normal sized child or the chair in the picture is much larger then the chair you receive, which by the way they also shipped to me in the wrong color. Sooo disappointed.
I was sent a confirmation email that said my package had shipped out on Aug 19th. It was suppose to come no later than the 27th of Sept. On the 27th it was not received. First I contacted Fedex because a tracking number was issued out. They informed me that they were contacted to issue a shipping label but they not yet contacted to pick up the order and ship it. So then I contacted the seller through email which is the only way to contact them on the 27th at 2:43 pm and said "You forgot to call fedex and send for a pick-up. I told them I would like to rectify this error by shipping my order overnight. I am an freelance artist and wanted to use this medium for a project. I was on a deadline. I paid almost $8 in shipping. Well they email me back the next day and said they have already standard shipped it and it was sent out before they got my message. They said it was on back order this whole time. I looked at the Fed Ex tracking and wrote back "It is very convenient that I wrote my email before 3pm and this "backorder" was then sent out at 3:07. Don't you guys send out a notice when it is on back order? The fact that you had sent me a message that it was shipped, and fedex was written up a label on that day, tells me that somebody forgot to call for a pick-up." They emailed me back with "It is a coincidence that your order was shipped out the day you sent your complaint. Items are placed on back order if they are sold out in our retail store, before the inventory is updated online." I think they should of emailed me after they sent out a confirmed 'out for shipping email' to me that said "sorry this item is on back order We will contact you when it comes in". They did not send an On Back Order notification and then sent it to me with a shipping wait of Sept. 3rd! I said I was contacting Amazon to file a claim and refusing my order unless they at least give me free shipping. they did refund my shipping. The pencils came with long cracks in the wood and no two extra color sticks like they advertise. Not happy! I knew I should of bought something shipped through Amazon, which does a wonderful job with customer satisfaction. But No I went through Whole Sale Stuff. The price was 37.95 instead of the 75.99 and I guess I got what I paid for.
I have been working with chalk pastels for quite some time, and this paper is far from ideal for that particular medium. The weight is nice, but the surface has a texture that's difficult to lose. By which I mean, color won't penetrate evenly without being scrubbed in.Forgive the unorthodox lingo, but I would not recommend this paper for hard chalk pastels.
Looked like a great idea but the magnet is too weak to support anything heavier than a piece of paper.
i bought these bc i heard they were great for back of photos. I've bought microns before and loved them for outlining and art but they didn't hold up on the back of my photos like i thougt they would. Great marker, 3 starts for use on photobacks
I got this for Christmas to go with my new ultrasonic jewelry cleaner machine. I put just a capful in, and ran it at least 5-7 times. It made all my jewelry sparkle! I don't love the price, but at the rate of using a capful now and then, hopefully it will last awhile. Definitely worth it as a companion to the machine.
So many products make promises they don't keep. This is one of them. They say it's tough.Sorry, it's not tough at all!I started making chainmaille jewelry recently and needed the softer jaws on my pliers for the soft metals like aluminum and silver. I have to redip my pliers every week and then they are out of action for 24 hours becuase I let them dry for that length of time. The coating peels off after just a couple of days use. I even tried a friend's suggestion of double dipping but that didn't last either. I'm looking for something more permanent.Beware buying it online as the price is jacked up. It's half the cost from a craft store even with tax added.
I read the reviews to find out how well or not an item works for other people. Although I can understand the frustration with people having to wait for items they ordered, the review area is for review of the item, not necessarily the vendor. If you feel you need write about the delayed shipment, please do so after you have received your item so you can write an item reveiw and vendor review at the same time to help those of us who want to make an informed decision. From what I've heard, this item is worth the money. Thanks.
I don't know if i got a bad one but this toy is horrible. We are a little sad because we hoped for something fun and ended up with a dud.
I don't know really how to rate this item because I never received it even though the payment was made by me in full. I won't order again.
Avoid this machine at all costs. I purchased mine on Jan. 5 2009 and today all it will do is punch holes in the material. The machine is an import not made by singer and it shows having failed just over the 90 day return period. Singer should be ashamed of having sullied the name with this cheap import. Buy one if you must but you will save a lot of time if you just take the 200.00 and burn it.
These paints have turned out to be a great deal of fun. With my small set of "real" acrylics I am always wary of using them up. But with these huge pints of paint, I have no problem about using them because there is plenty - so I am less inhibited. I am not a professional artist, but paint for fun, and for that, these are fine.To the previous reviewer, if you are painting on wood it is a good idea to use 2 or 3 coats of gesso first, otherwise the wood will just soak up the paint.Anyway, these are cheap acrylics made for non-serious work. And for that, they are great.
I've never used a machine in my life, so I was very nervous about how "easy" it would be to use. I'm glad to report that it's true! Read the starting up guide, and I was off and sewing. I'm starting off slow..hems, next is pillow cases and curtains and this is just perfect for me...
I recommend also giving a shirt or something so they can start using right away though so they can start using right away.
These needles work okay but they are plastic and pretty lightweight; I'm used to metal needles so these seem, almost like a toy. Wanted the size 19 needle and couldn't find them anywhere in town, so had to order them. They are ok, I just prefer the metal knitting needles.
I really liked the beads and the arrived quickly. My only complaint is that for the value I would have expected more beads. They got their supply from Steve Spangler which sells the same product at the same price but you get more. Other than that I would pass on the info to fellow friends and suggest this vendor as they were very quick at mailing and responding to my email.
This was perfect for my needs. I didn't purchase it as a toy, but rather as a paint sprayer for a project I was doing. It worked perfectly. Don't forget to purchase the can of pressured air to make the gun spray.
im not a big seamstress, but this seems to fit my bill with the budget of this dress form. im sure if you have more particular tasteds and are an avid dress form user, this might be a bit clunky to you as the adjustments are clunky and stand a bit wobble, but it seems ok to me who dosnt use something like this all the time.
I am very pleased with this machine. Easy to use, sews a variety of fabrics. I previously had a Brother machine that finally bit the dust after 26 years so I am hoping for comparable longevity.
Hi there. So i bought the Fiskars squeeze punch ( i have the large circle) it's a decent quality and cuts an acceptable edge, but i would not say its the best for the finish. Squeezes very easily (which is great if you have problems using regular punches). works best on light to medium weight card. Although it cuts a perfectly shaped circle it tends to give the card a wavy edge that you need to flatten out afterwards. When buying from Amazon check in the "Product features" section to ensure you have the correct numerical size eg. 1.5" as Fiskars has just labeled this Large. Once removed from the packaging the tool does not have a label anywhere on it showing you the size of the circle I found this inconvenient when choosing from several circle punches.Have a nice day
Can't give it any high rating b/c product wasn't for my own use, but the person that requested it didn't give me any negative feed back so this product met their needs.
As the previous reviewer said, it was not a continuous roll. The paper is good on practice purpose only, not for displaying.
I expected a flimpsy product after reading some bad reviews, but figured I'd give it a try for this price. I think this trimmer is totally worth its price, I only use it a few times per year for the kids'school pictures and it does the job nicely. No rigged edges or anything, but nice clean cuts to separate the pictures.
Product not of good quality. Lasted about 2 months and broke. Best to go by one of better quality from any office supply store.
I bought this punch the other day because I thought it was a cool idea.I have several thumb punches and they work well and fairly easily. This one is difficult to use. It cuts through, but you really have to push quite hard on it. I also discovered that the flower never fully punches out because there are two notches on opposite sides of each other.After some research I discovered that the notches allow the flower to be folded over for a 3D effect. If the flower is to be used on its own, then it has to be punched out the rest of the way by hand. Not a problem, as long as you know that's what you're supposed to do.That info. should be stated on the package.
Not good paint. Very thick. Resembles marshmallow cream. Maybe I got a bad bottle? I needed something a lot smoother and thinner.
With shipping, 0ver $50 is EXPENSIVE! Had it worked for even a year, it might have been ok. It's now leaking fuel which makes it VERY DANGEROUS! Can't be returned. No service. Don't buy this lighter!
My 2 1/2 year old granddaughter loved the table and chair set. It is the first Christmas gift that she went for!! Her father, my son had no problems with assembly, and everything was numbered and easy to follow. The only thing that I was a little disappointed with is that there were no screw caps/dollies which did take a little bit away from the looks of the chairs as they stuck out in the backs of all of the chairs.. Otherwise, for the money, it was made very well and seems to be very sturdy.
We liked this item. We use it to trim our 2 year olds hair. Note that the ends are pointy which makes me a little nervous when I am trying to cut his hair; otherwise great.
Thick and goopy, doesn't mix/blend well, doesn't spread well over paper. Not recommended for large projects; might work better for smaller pieces.
I just purchased this machine after looking over many different models. I am really happy with this one. I haven't sewed since Jr. High... which is about 30 years and after a quick re-fresher course with my mom we were up and sewing in no time. I'm very happy with it. Only thing I wish it had was a handle on the top for easier carrying, but other than that it's great.
Use with caution, March 19, 2008I bought several skeins of this yarn for a project just because I liked the colors, and I was tired of using Red Heart super saver. I used the Caron for my first knitted project; a scarf. The yarns are soft and there are some beautiful colors available, but, the plys of the strand split very easily. What I mean is when you are working, it is easy to put the needle right through the strand, and if you aren't paying close attention (i.e working while looking at tv), you could easily knit both halves of the same strand and add another stich on that row. The same is true for croheting. There seems to be ample yardage on the skeins; one is enough to do an adult sized scarf with a little left over.
The Smart Jet is perfect for the occasional hobbyist who needs a reliable and consistent source of compressed air for airbrushing inside. It's exceptionally quiet and very easy to use.
I bought this machine nine months ago, and it really is a super little machine except for one thing: you can't maintain it beyond removing dust from the bobbin area. After nine months of reasonable (not even heavy) use, the motor locked up and gave me an error message. Turns out, it just needed oil, but the user can't do it--you must take the machine to an authorized service center, and in my case that service center was over 100 miles away.Except for that one little wrinkle, I like the machine a great deal. It has loads of decorative stitches and sews beautifully on all the fabrics I've tried it on. But if you're any distance from a Brother authorized service center, consider buying a different machine that doesn't require service to perform a simple task like routine maintenance.
The circle part of this devices works perfectly. The majoy flaw is in the "pen". THe pen is, honestly, a peice of plastic junk. I do not typically write harsh reviews, but this thing is bad. The pen does not hold the blades well and breaks very easily. If the per were made of metal of some sort this would be a far better product.
I am a beginner sewer and have been pretty impressed with this machine. I made my first quilt with it and it turned out great. It comes with a ton of accessories, is quick and easy to learn and use, and for what it comes with is a deal. The only trouble I have had is with thread tension, I seem to need to reset the tension everytime I need to reload the bobbin- but I am unsure if it is the machine or if it is my inexperience.
Gingher shears are known for their superb ability to cut through fabric and these pinking shears do not disappoint. They glide through tulle, cotton, felt and any other fabric with ease. The cost, however, is the strain on your hand due to their weight. The handles are not well-shaped for long-duration use - they wear grooves into my right hand after just a few minutes of use. The balance results in clean edges, but the shears are *not* ergonomically designed. For me to continuing using them, I'll need to purchase a support glove for my hand that will provide padding at the points where the metal digs into my skin. All-in-all, I would not purchase these again.
I am very pleased with the glue gun. It has very little dripping, when resting. My old one wasted a lot of glue sticks from the dripping.
Indispensable for fast alterations [hems]. -been around forever, thank God they're still making it.
I have to be honest here...I didn't purchase this to use for buttons. I have blanketed the exterior of a 4 x 4 wire cage for a feral cat to sleep in and thought that I could use this to ensure that the blankets would remain in place. I can't get the thing to work at all.
Not good paint. Very thick. Resembles marshmallow cream. Maybe I got a bad bottle? I needed something a lot smoother and thinner.
I am a professional engineering designer who has been using CAD since 1983, but prior to that I used to do drafting manually. I still have a need to do some manual drafting on some old plans or do some preliminary quick layouts. Timely templates are perfect for such tasks and would be perfect for anyone that is doing manual drafting. Their flexible material makes them extremely resilient to breaking or cracking. I have owned some Timely templates since 1978, and they are still as good as new after 30 years of use. Timely templates are pure pleasure to work with. I recomend these templates for professionals, hobbyists, and students.
I have 2 necklaces that I bought on Etsy that were a little short so I bought this set to make them a little longer. I put the 2" (gold) extension on and it looked great, but an hour later I felt my neck and the necklace was gone! Thankfully I ended up finding it, but when I looked at it closely I could see that the clasp on the extender didn't close fully and the eye of the necklace chain slipped off the extender. I would rather wear the necklaces too short than risk losing them all together again.
I had used one of these types of lighters in the past and they are great for candles where the wick is difficult to reach. This one never worked and the mechanism was very challenging. Some kind of rocking motion was required. Threw it out as the gas seemed to leak as well.
My husband got me this model for my birthday last week. I have been sewing for a few months now - borrowing a friend's Brother CS6000 which worked really well for me (I totally recommend that one!). The Singer 1732 was pretty simple to set up, and I was excited to have an uncomplicated first machine. I followed the instruction manual exactly to set up the machine and threads. Upon the first press of the pedal, the bobbin thread jammed - I was unable to remove the jammed thread or even operate the machine without taking it apart. I checked reviews of this model online, and I found a lot of people have had similar problems with jamming. So I returned it and bought a Brother CE5000PRW (Project Runway Limited Edition) - a simpler model than but very similar to my friend's reliable Brother CS6000. So far so good!
I needed to cast some body parts to help me with a costume. The roll arrived earlier than estimated, and worked really well. I bought 3 rolls and they covered almost half of my body. Just make sure you have some petrolium jelly or something so that it doesn't stick to your skin.
Pros: like the bamboo and the assorted sizes, haven't had a problem with the bamboo breaking or splintering.Cons: Many of my needles have broken at the connection point and they cannot be glued together successfully because they just break again. The first time this happened, I wrote to the company asking for a replacement, which they sent me free of charge. The second time, I asked for another replacement and they sent me a whole other complete set, which I didn't need, but I figured if the needles keep breaking I might as well have extras. Now I'm slowly getting metal indestructible ones to replace the ones that keep breaking. I would suggest going for the ones that don't break because you'll save yourself the frustration.(I don't use very small needles in my knitting so I'm not sure how the little ones hold up.)
I appreciate that one side is a bit more matte and one is a bit more shiny, nice to have the option. I used it as a floor for a video shoot. I taped it down and it worked out well. Easy and affordable way to convert a gym floor to black. Seemed to be strong enough but you could cut it easy too.
this is an oval shape. the round ones now sold at Joann's are too big for my hands. This is much easier to pick up and carry around. Even though shipping cost more than the actual pinholder, it was well worth paying for. And delivery was within 2 days sent by mail.
The Brother 6000i was the third sewing machine I bought since teaching myself to sew in 1995. The origial Singer I purchased died about four years ago. Because of the great service my Singer performed, I decided to purchase a second Singer, a different model with additonal stitch functions. Shortly after purchasing this second machine, the timing-not on one machine but on both machines, was disrupted within about a month time period of each other. To make matters worse, the newer macine costed over $100 to be repaired...and broke immediately after bringing it home. The dealer that I took the machine to refused to correct the problem and wanted to charge me an additional fee to re-repair it. I ended up throwing the newer machine away. However, I did take the older machine to another dealer, it was fixed, and provided me with several more years of service.After my bad experience with the second Singer, I decided to purchase a Brother. A little leary at first, but I was pleasently satisfied with the 6000i's performance. Nevertheless, I noticed that if I sewed at high speeds, the bobbin threads would tangle and be followed by an error message. After getting around this, the machine worked great until recently. After moving, I unpacked my sewing machine. I noticed that the bobbin pin was broken. I took it to a sew and vac dealer and they were going to charge me $100 just to open the machine up. My husband was able to open the machine up and removed the damanged bobbin pin. I called Brother International to have the part sent to me. After search for the part for about a week, BI discovered that the part was not readily available and it would take them three to four weeks to get the piece and that the LITTLE PLASTIC PIECE would cost around $16 and wouldn't be available for at least four weeks.Desperate to sew, I bought a portable bobbin winder. Unfortunatly, with all of this activity, the machine no longer sews properly and I'll probably have to trash it.I'm not in a rush to buy another sewing machine any time soom. Although my Brother served me well, I was told that lower end machines come with their share of problems-especially with the timing. The thing is that I enjoyed this machine, and I'm not sure if spending more money on a higher end machine is the answer. Even my original Singer lasted for a number of years and was built to last. The newer machines have shiny bells and whistles but aren't worth the plastic that they are built with.
This printable fabric is completly satisfactory for what I used it for so you shouldn't be unhappy with your purchase, cut to size print and hand wash or dry clean easy as that. I personally need to find a fabric that can be machine washable after going through the printer in a roll form. Still looking.
Slightly above a toy but definately not a sewing machine for anything serious. I ended up hemming my sleeves by hand. Bobbin is loose. Doesn't pull the material through very well. Not at all what I had hoped. I will end up giving this away and buying a real sewing machine. One that will handle a hem.
I expected better from the Swingline family. This hole punch sticks and doesn't retract properly. I wasn't overloading the hole punch either. Perhaps I just got a bum model.
My son's #1 fave color is purple. So I was a little annoyed that there was light blue, dark blue...but no purple! The paper is a little on the thin side, but nice vibrant colors.
Great gold leaf coverage. Easy to use and looks like the real thing. I will purchase again in other colors.
This product is poorly made. The canister leaks which is a potential fire hazard as it's supposed to sit on an electronic tumbler. Also, the tumbler machine didn't start and although the instructions say you should start it by hand as soon as you put the canister in it stops. I tried various rock weights and nothing works. For $40 I would expect something better.
I was painting a border in my son's playroom and needed to stencil a row of stars on the border. This actually cut through blank plastic stencils with ease and with nice clean cut lines. I punched 50 stars into the stencils and it never seemed to get dull. This product made the project so much quicker and easier.
Unfortunately, I don't agree with the previous buyer. If it's true that the pad is of nice quality paper, it could well be just a common drawing pad of good quality paper. When I saw it advertised as a Calligraphy pad, the first thing that crossed my mind was that it had guide lines or a some kind of grid for writing with calligraphy pens. It is just blank paper. If you are looking for a pad that have the grid that calligraphy learners use to write, this is not it.
Ive used dozens of these pens over the years maybe even hundreds they work good when you first get them but they always leak around the tip under the cap I dont know what the deal is but its a problem I always have with the MICRONS I really like these pens for art but they are expensive for a pen thats gunna leak and you will just have to throw in the trash for this reason I dont even use this brand anymore I recommend the Faber-Castell PITT artist pens instead they are very nice and dont leak
so to be clear i gave this product a three star review for mainly one reason. I ordered it on June 18th, and i received it yesterday July 20th. What the freak Amazon, that is awful. The sketchbook itself is quite nice and a good little size, but for it to take 33days to get here, thats awful. Maybe (i dont remember) i didn't order it with prime at the time, but either way it said sold by amazon llc. The item, good. the service, terrible.
This paper is NOT magenta. It is downright PURPLE! Not AT ALL the color I was looking for. Also the paper was not the soft &#34;construction paper&#34; texture I expected, but I leave that as my fault.
This product is made of very cheap plastic, it does leak through the lid when you first use it but we were able to use plumbing tape to seal most of that leaking. Before the first batch of rocks was done though, the rocks wore right through the barrel itself. It is no longer usable.
Within 1 month, the bobbin case got nicked and the thread started snagging. A new bobbin case is $60! That's over half the price of the whole machine!!! Do not buy a brother! This is totally unaccepable.
I was searching for embossing powder and this came up, it was teamed with an embossing gun so I figured that is what it was. But it isn't it is useless and messy for scrapbooking.
i buy for a present, the only bad notice ofthis product is to much conplex form for put in a leather jacket,
Very difficult to use without making a huge mess. Completely dries out my hair. Very hard to apply without using water. But if used for art, they work very well and are nice!
I use this for water based oils and love it. I used to use the tear of palette sheets but I feel this is even more convenient. I tend to use a lot of brushes and am short on space, so having some extra brush holders is a plus. The hand grip is comfortable, and it's also stable to sit on my workspace. I'm not a fan of styrofoam, so I use the coated paper plates and they work perfectly. The extra large (10+") plates are too big, so get the slightly smaller ones.I feel I can now stop looking for the perfect palette, I love this and have gotten a lot of use from it already. A real bargain!
this is a great value, and so packed with materials in a small portable sturdy box. i was pleasanty surprised. i would use for 8-10 year olds. over 10 i would encourage a larger kit
It is nice to find inexpensive A4 size paper. The quality is mediocre. I buy A4 size to submit printed documents and manuscripts internationally. The low quality of this paper may not give a good impression.This is normal cheap bulk office paper in A4 size.
this was the #1 item our then-kindergartener wanted for Christmas. She needed supervision so as to not get the knots mis-aligned --- but she's very pleased with herself that she pretty much did this on her own. If you have a little one interested in fabric crafts - I highly recommend it.
Scissors don't get sharp as expected and the sharpening effects are highly uneven. Expected more from Fiskars brand. Would probably shop around for something better
This yarn is soft, but strong and because of the larger size, it's super fast to work with. The strands stay together really well, unlike some yarns where you find yourself catching/snagging on half the strand or in places that you don't want to be. One review mentioned a glittery string, and I think that may only be in a few select colors, as mine didn't have that and many of the colors I've seen in stores didn't either. Love it, great for making hats and stuff like that. As one review said, it is probably cheaper to drive to the store and buy it though, if you can find it there.
Same deal as my review for the 1-inch puncher: it can only push in about 3mm (less than 1/8 inch) from the edge of the sheet of paper - fine if it's the circle that you want, but terrible if you want to get rid of the circle and keep the sheet.
Brother CS6000I 60-Stitch Computerized Free-Arm Sewing Machine with Multiple Stitch Functionssuper machine to use with a great results.light weight and very well done with multiple stich functions..I use this more than the more expenisve one I own.I take it with me all over the place.. I travel and sew quilts.The only draw back is the narrw opening at the top.. So you fold the quilt top and use the bigger ones for the middle part.I am so glad I got this MACHINE. Yes, I would recomend this to a beginner or pro..don't let the weight fool you in any way... Push button controls for operation of motion no foot pedal needed to operate!!!!I use it all the time just think you DONOT have to use the foot pedal if you are HANDICAPPED as I an am. Need to elevate your knees or the legs?That's right no foot pedal if you want it is so cool.......!!!!!!wish they would make a more deluxe than this one!!!!Thanks,Brother for great machineThanks, Amazon for a freat price toooo...try it..
I did a test print and it seems to be pretty decent. I would recommend it if this is the type of paper you are looking for. I may possibly be looking for light gloss, but will still find a use for this.
The finish of all the products inside are rather poor. One of my majorly regrettable purchases here in Amazon. I wouldn't recommend this even if you have been painting the same thing for the last twenty years.
This stuff works really well on my jewelry. Everything comes out sparkly and very bright, it comes with a little brush and a basket for dipping. It doesn't smell bad like some other cleaners. I am really happy with this.
I bought this to iron on a plain white shirt for myself to wear on my wedding day. Well I followed the directions and it did not turn out so great! The stones did not all transfer on to the shirt!!! So I was not happy and did not wear it that day after all.
I recomended my sister purchase this machine for my 10 yr old niece. It was a price she could afford (she has 4 kids) The machine is at my house because I teach the girls sewing. altho it is a little basic for my taste(thats why I gave it 4 stars) it is still a very good machine. My niece can thread it herself, very important to me, and sews very well. My niece loves it and that is whats important, expecially the A and the heart on the front of the machine (her name starts with A) It is the cutest machine in our sewing area! Believe me thats important to young girls. My sis chose the supersaver shiping-FREE-and the darn thing came in sooner than my grandaughter's machine that I paid for! lol I paid for shiping because my daughter's machine seemed to take forever to get here (did not purchase it from amazon-only because it was no longer availible..she has the singer izek) Anyway to sum it up...great machine, great price, recieved it in great condition...IN THREE DAYS.
It's an O.K. tube compared to the other ones I have had. It's good that the carrying belt is not attached to the cap, thus making it easy to load and unload. However, as a previous reviewer mentioned, the biggest design flaw is that the two halves could detach readily. This problem and the very un-German weak material makes it unreliable to be checked in when flying. Its lightness makes it carrying-worthy though.
Bought the paper to make garment and accessory patterns with and, while it's low priced for the size and quantity, the paper is very thin. I find it similar to butcher paper which I use for making moc-up patterns with, and I'll be using this for the same purpose. Purchased to make finished, sturdy patterns that will be used many times but it's not suitable for that. Thinner than typical printer paper.
This is the worse product called a calligraphy pen I've ever tried to use. It's terrible the ink doesn't come out except inside the pen and try to remove the cartridge be sure to wear a plastic sheet or raincoat. Drop the pen and the plastic cracks awful awful doesn't even rate . It rates my fury tried to use it all week nothing and the cartridge's are new.
I purchased this table because of the cost compared to other tables of this style and also because I own another kidkraft product (easel) that we love! We have not had any problems with it and both my daughters (3.5 & 18mo) climb through it. Unfortunately we have received two table sets that are damaged. I haven't been able to put it together, the first one had a completely damaged box so I expected it to be damaged. The 2nd one arrived in an undamaged box so I had high hopes. Unfortunately both are damaged on the table top siding. The first table top was pulled away from the siding, the 2nd one had a crack through the siding where a screw would go. I think the packaging is flimsy compared to the product weight so it just doesn't have the support it needs. But, of course, I also now question the quality of the table. We haven't decided whether to just move on or get one more replacement. If I get another replacement I'll update this review. To be honest with you, I don't know if anything else was damaged because I didn't pull anything else out after I saw the damage - I was afraid I wouldn't be able to get it all back in and seal the box for return.
I print large landscape panoramas on an Epson 4000 printer - and soon to upgrade to an Epson 4880 - on this paper. My panoramas can go anywhere from 4' to 15' in length and I love the results on this paper. I'd give it 5 stars except that the finished emulsion is very fragile. I sell my panoramas and treat each print that goes out the door with a giclee veneer to protect the finished surface of the print from any rough handling and to extend the colorfast qualities of the print.
In short, this is not a good calligraphy set. The pens are cheap plastic, and the nibs are extremely runny, so as soon as you touch the pen to paper you'll get a pool of ink where you wanted precise calligraphy.Don't buy this set.
Description when I bought it said it had centimeters on the other side, had only inches and needed the centimeters.
Sadly this was one of the higher rated easels on Amazon and I really wanted a small wooden one.The box it came in was all beaten up and looked like it had been sitting around for 20 years :(One of the brass-like bolts was loose in the box but wasn't a big deal to put back on.The arms that lock the back tip WAY in, and look like they will break the flimsy tabs on the bottom in a short time.Finish is not even, not quality and the wood was poorly sanded.Doesn't sit flat and rocks back and forth.If this was $1 at a discount store it might be worth it, but not at this price.Will spend some time this weekend trying to get it to sit flat, though it's very likely it's going right back.This is the first bad thing I've ever gotten on Amazon, but I always know I can trust them to make it right.
The tension was off from the start. I could not sew a thing, thread broke, material puckered, and I was endlessly re threading, and trying just to sew any stitch. After working with this machine a couple of times, the bobbin holder popped out, breaking the needle. I had this machine about a week, and now it is on its way back for a refund. My 35 year old Kenmore sews better than this did.
The paper was shipped very fast and was exactly what I wanted.You could see through it a little when wrapping boxes that had something printed on them. Will work great for kid's projects.
I got this machine because the rating was high (4.5 stars). I was deceived because it broken down 3 months after I bought it. I called Brother's tech support which took a long time to get connect to a live person. After I send it back for repair. It took a few months to heard back from them to pick it up. And the repaired machine is still having problems.I brought it to a professional sewing machine repair shop and their technician do not even want to repair it.I STRONGLY DO NOT RECOMMEND IT!! Even my friend had a Brother CS-80 also broken down after a few uses. We send it to a professional sewing machine repair shop and the shop do not want to repair Brother's machine either.My adult school sewing class teacher was not surprised Brother's sewing machines got broken down. She had too many students had the problem with Brother's sewing machines.The stitch got stretch and loosen after over 1 hour of use. Not very consistent.Very easy to use but easy to broken down.Do not use thicker fabric than jean's thickness.Design seems simple.Broken down easily and not durable.I had a friend who worked at sewing factor used Brother's machine a few times and told me it was not a good machine to use for sewing!!
I use this for scrapbooking, I find it much easier and more forgiving then a lot of the scrapbooking tools out there.
This pencil sharpener is sturdy & effective. It is exactly what I was looking for. Not much more to say about it... it is in fact a pencil sharpener after all.
The picture for this product is terribly deceptive. Included in the picture is what appears to be a full size sponge. It's next to the deckle which makes the deckle appear much larger than it is. The sponge is miniature, as is the deckle. Now I see in the description further down on the page that it is only a 4x4 package. The picture truly gives an optical illusion that everything is larger so I never thought to look for the size. I'd return it but after paying for shipping in both directions the few bucks I'd get back aren't worth the trip to the post office.
I wanted a simple, quality sewing machine and the Brother machine is perfect. Easy to use and has all the features I needed for a very reasonable price.
I bought this sewing machine three weeks ago and am working on my first quilt. I've been using the walking foot for a few days and the walking foot 'jumps'. It's a defective walking foot. I called Brother, and expected them to send me a new walking foot. That would be decent customer service for a brand spanking new machine. Right?!No. I need to send them the foot with proof of purchase, and they are going to test it out and let me know what they are going to do about it. Seriously?!If I still had the box, I would send the entire thing back. Talk about not standing behind your product.
PROS: This is a very user friendly machine. I have had this for several years now and have sewn many quilt/blankets and other projects with this machine. The machine I used prior to this constanly gave me tension issues, it was tricky to thread, and filling bobbins was a pain. I have never had tension issues with this machine. The self threader is convenient, quick, and easy(when it worked). Filling bobbins is quick and simple. After years of use and abuse this machine stills sews well.CONS: My bobbin winder moter quit working. Had to buy a separate bobbin winder. Also, a part has recently broken from the self threading mechanism, rendering the machine useless. The machine still works/sews well but I cannot use it because I cannot thread the machine. From this personal experience and from all the negetive information I've gotten from the local sewing-machine-repair-man about these cartridge/self threading machines, I will not purchase one again. I can spare an extra few seconds to manually thread my machine. I did LOVE the self threading and bobbin winding mechanisms while they worked, but once they break (and according to the repair man, they will), you are stuck with a machine that you can't do anything with.I would still recommend Brother sewing machines, just not those with the self threading cartridge systems.
Do you need an hose to connect your Badger airbrush to a compressor? Well you can't go wrong with this one! Even though 10' is far longer than I need I haven't had any issues. The fabric housing has held up really well and makes it easy to handle.
This was a far sturdier and heavier tool than it appeared in the description would have easily expected to pay twice the cost for this item.
The price is excellent but the true test for any colored pencil (or paint) is the quality of the RED. This red is too pink to be a true red.It's nice to have a brush included for beginning students and for gift-giving.
Item is Junk. Service is bunk. Need a zero star.Sorry to tell you, but this is JUNK! DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME, EFFORT OR MONEY ON THIS TRASH.The extension I used for just under 2 hours dropped my necklace on the ground like a rock. Luckily, I wasinsightful enough to test it at home, and did not lose my necklace. Returned faulty items and was charged aHEFTY 20% restocking fee for this trash. thanks alot Amazon, thanks alot Carolyn Pollack Jewelry. Thanks for NOTHING!I will never buy anything from Carolyn Pollack Jewelry AGAIN!!!!
Item description is entitled ' 18x24 stretched canvas 6 pack." I felt misled by the product description. I thought I was ordering 6 canvases. Instead, the small print indicates that it is really only one canvas. Really need to read the description to understand what you are ordering.
I was a little worried that these would ruin my kids' clothes, but everything came out clean. I did use a spot pretreater. These are great for learning fine motor skills and learning letters and numbers. Be creative!
I have finally managed to break my Brother machine after 7 years of service. I've had it since about 2005-2006. My mom got it at WalMart for around $100. It has been a really good friend to this costume maker.Pros:-Super easy to understand and use. Threading it is a breeze and I was able to get buttonholes down after a little bit of practice.-Like other reviewers I appreciated the bobbin window so I could see if I was running low.-Looks like a plastic toy but is actually pretty sturdy overall.-Came with an extension table so you can lay out your fabric more flat. I really appreciated having this.Cons:-The extension table didn't attach very solidly, just slipped into the machine with tabs. I had to tape it to the machine to keep it from shifting.-I was always having trouble with the bobbin thread looping. I tested the machine every time I changed the bobbin on a scrap piece of fabric just to get rid of the initial loops and see if it would behave and make proper stitches. It was a real pain that slowed me down. What I eventually figured out was that it seemed to like a certain type of plastic bobbin, and disliked another type very much. Not sure how else to explain it.-Has a really hard time with thicker fabrics. I am a novice however so maybe there was a setting I wasn't aware of that would have helped. I had to really pull on some things to get them to soldier through. Maybe it's the foot pressure or tension, but again, I probably need more training on the proper feeding through of fabrics.I tried to sew a belt from real leather for the first time last week. It wasn't a really thick leather but it wasn't pulling through very easily and "sticking" to the foot and stretching a little. I broke two leather needles, I believe because the tension was maybe wrong. I finally broke the machine another way with a loud "pop" and now the bobbin thread won't attach to the top thread. This machine has had enough of my bullying but overall with all that I've put it through, it really kept a brave face and got through a lot of it.I've sewed some really fun costumes with this one and I recommend it for beginner users like me. I think after 7 years it's time I graduated to something that can take my abuse. I only use a couple stitch types in my sewing, nothing fancy for embroidery yet so this machine more than covered everything I wanted it to do.
When I received the items I ordered it was obvious they had been stepped on. Dusty/dirty shoe prints were visible. Both mats were bent, leaving a visible crease. The corners were bent to the point of looking rounded. I cannot use these mats for the reason I purchased them as I will not mount photos in mats that are dirty and bent. Since it cost more for shipping then what I paid for the actual items, it was more cost effective for me to throw them away then ship them back for a refund. What a waste of time and money!
I ordered two assortments of these glass beads. They are very pretty beads. BUT, at least 15 of the beads broke upon taking them from the packaging. Also, quite a few were not glass but were some sort of clay (fimo or other brand). If I wanted clay beads, I would have made them myself, at least they wouldn't have broken as easily. I wasted almost $40. All together, I ended up with maybe 10 usable beads out of the two orders.
I have always wanted a dress form, so when I found this one I was so excited. The color (red) fit in my color scheme since it was to be used in guest bedroom. But when adjusting to fit my measurements, I started running into problems,(before ordering I checked my measurements so I would order the correct size). Does not hold settings on height, the hemmer marker slips so bad that I ruined 2 dresses, finally I taped the pieces in place where I could. As for the hip and bust barely open enough to fit I have some foam sheets that I have used to help make thaem work. Would I purchase this again, most likely not.
I bought this kit for my wife, and she loved it. She was basically storing her sewing stuff in a small box. It is not the best quality tray, nor the best quality sewing tools. But it's a nice starter package.
NOT HAPPY WITH THIS AT ALL. IT IS DIFFICULT TO THREAD AND IT IS A PIECE OF JUNK
This banding wheel is alright, but not great. The bottom is capped with a rubber membrane which makes rinsing in the sing an annoying task because water gets stuck in the cavity. Also, the bearings are blah. Its good for basic use, but if you are looking for a quality product, get a Shimpo brand wheel... I would, I just cant afford 'em.Edit
My paint has sprung a leak. Something to consider when orderng via post. (Also, it arrived six days after the order was placed.)
This one is just perplexing to me. I got the knife set today and, well, it is in pretty bad condition. The box is totally non-functional -- busted. Some of the blades are dirty and rusty. It is just weird. If I didn't know better, I'd say these are definitely used and/or repackaged.See the picture I uploaded.But, the blades edges themselves seem sharp enough. And for less than $5.00, I suppose it'll due.
Easy to thread,easy to oil,easy to clean with professional results.Very impressed for the price!!!Received delivery quite promptly.Would highly recommend it.
If you are going to use this to mix with your acryic paints, it does not work at all. You still get a chalky look. It is better to use a good grade of gesso, such as, Grumbacher white gesso. This will actually make your acrylic paintings look like oils.
Does the job but not flexible enough. Represents a function curve well enough and has nice numbering on the side. Priced well and arrived fast. I only wish it were a little more flexible.
The toy is great! my daughter received it from the Easter Bunny of 2003. However, she went through the sticker maker materials quite fast (within three days). I've been seaching everywhere for additional materials and not one store seems to carry it. This toy would be so much more usefule if you would be able to buy refill materials.
A little different to get use to being that it is computerized. But sews very nicely. Came with a hard cover. Love the bobbin insert where you do not have to pull up the bobbin thread.
I really wish that I had known she was a "Continental" knitter. I'm just a beginner and I have learned/been taught to knit English and am totally confused watching her knit. I asked for (and was given) this DVD for Christmas along with some sock yarn for a couple pair of socks and I am so lost watching her knit........ I wish there had been something on here stating how she knits.. If you are more experienced maybe the different technique won't confuse you but wow....I'm lost. Very disappointed...I really want to learn to knit socks!!
I got this mat so my 9 year old daughter would have a safe spot to work on her Tumbling. It has been a good size. She can do all her tricks on it. She has used it for many other things as well. Fort, room divider , or playing her own game of anger birds. So this mat has seen a lot of use over the last 2 months. It has held up very well however, she has been able to rip a small hole in it. But it has not been any problem. Over all this has been very nice to have and my daughter feels safe to work on all her tumbling tricks.
This is my very first sewing machine. I am over 40 years old. I used to watch my grandmother sew on her metal Singer when I was a kid (she still has that machine and she is 105 years old!!). However, after doing my research, I decided against a Singer and got a Brother! lol I read almost ALL of the reviews here on Amazon (LOVE researching here before I shop ANYWHERE). Hey, 4.3-star average reviews from over 730 reviewers spoke volumes! Anyway, I get the machine home, took out the contents and started reading the manual. It was almost like reading Latin (presser feet, bobbins, basting, etc.). I called my mother to come help me out. She brought some old fabric and thread with her. She was AMAZED at this machine. She was all ready to thread the machine when I told her it did it by itself. I re-read the instructions and threaded the needle MYSELF. She was stunned! She pieced some fabric together and she said get to sewing. My mother was impressed by how professional the stitches looked on my first try! She immediately asked where I got this machine as she says she will be getting the same one for herself. When I told her the price, she almost fainted. LOL LOLLong story short... GET THIS MACHINE! I felt very comfortable sewing with this machine and I am looking forward to this machine growing with me as my skill level increases.
My son received the disguise kit as a gift for his birthday. It is fun. He enjoys the crazy glasses and bald cap! We ended up purchasing this second kit as a gift for my dad as he likes to goof around and is always "dressing" for occasions. He likes the goofy glasses and the crazy teeth! Fun for all ages!
This isn't the thick smooth manila paper I thought it would be. It's more like tan colored flimsy construction paper.
The description says that this thread is polyester covered with cotton, but it is actually polyester covered with polyester. I'm sure it's good for what it is, but it's not what I ordered.
Cricut is a great brand and this tool is great for small projects. I bought it on sale for less than $8! That is a fantastic price. It is a good size - big enough for your 12x12 scrapbook pages. It will not do more than 10 pages at once (the packaging says) but I think that would be more like 6/7 depending on the thickness but it will do card. Not a substitute for a vertical dropping guillotine to cut large amounts of paper/card but for scrapbooking, card making and other smaller crafts it is perfect!! It has really handy little arrows on the slider so you know exactly where the blade is. Great for what I need.
The girls liked this very much. There is only one problem and that is that it sticks. I did not send it back as I needed it for camp projects as soon as it arrived so was stuck with a sticky punch.
I thought this tool looked like a great idea, but it looks like I won't be throwing away my knife and cutting board anytime soon.When using this product you are essentially pushing a knife down onto a flat surface rather than simulating a cutting action. So unless the food item you are slicing is very crisp, the blade tends more to smash the item against the cutting-board side than to slice through it. What you have just cut cannot fall away below the knife because the "board" extends out on both sides. This makes for awkward, unattractive cuts.Also, if the food you want to slice is very thin -- such as greens for a salad, or other leaf greens -- a pair of kitchen sheers does a much better job because there is the additional sharp side that helps to cut through from the bottom.I took the knife portion off of the scissor just to become familiar with that option. The little spring that holds tension between the two handles flew across the room. The spring should be permanently attached to the cutting-board side so that you won't lose it if the cutter is taken apart for cleaning; however, it is just loose, looped over a little nub on each handle.I even purchased two of these, thinking one would be great for my busy son who has to have his food prep super simple because of his busy schedule, but I decided this would frustrate him even more than the old fashioned way of cutting vegetables. Frankly, keeping a small chef's knife, a mini cutting board and a dedicated pair of kitchen sheers within easy reach is way easier than using this tool.
I had these Gingher Pinking Shears on my wishlist for quite a while, when the price dropped recently I snatched them up. I'm disappointed to find they are very stiff and hard to use. I do have some carpal tunnel issues that have left me with weaker hand strength but even my husband thought these were tougher to open and close than they ought to be.I'm hoping I can loosen the screw or oil them somehow. They do cut extremely well once I can get them through the fabric. I will update if I succeed in solving the stiffness.
We have had this chair for about 2 months, so I am not sure about durability yet. It is more of a terry-cloth material than chenille. And it doesn't rock very much or very well. But my daughter loves it! She is in at all the time!
A prompt to advise no case is included but offered would have been nice.THis sewing machine is simple to use for a novice seamstress. I only sew occassionally and it has all the functions I was looking for. Great for the price point
I'm am enjoying this machine. I hadn't touched a sewing machine in over 25 years. This has been so easy - it's like I never stopped sewing! One thing I have noticed is that it doesn't like heavier fabrics.
The Speedball "Cutter Set" is a very nice set of linoleum cutters. These can be used for carving linoleum and other soft materials for use in block printing, but we use them for carving wax candles (see pictures next to product).The set comes with 5 blades, including four "V" cutters (#1, #2, #3, #5) and a knife (#6). The blades store in the handle and can be installed quickly and firmly in the tip of the tool by turning the locking collar.The handle feels very nice in the hand, and the blades are correctly angled for carving.A very useful tool! Highly Recommended!
I have 4 of these printers that I use for special events at the church. I bought 4 packs of ink for Halloween and one of them gave me the low ink notice after only printing about 10 of the auto nozzle clean prints.I thought it might be a fluke, so I just let it print until it ran out, which was about 20 prints later.I threw that cartridge away.This weekend, I bought 6 print packs and 1 of them did did the same thing. Reported low-ink after only printing the Auto Nozzle prints.I haven't printed any prints from the cartridge, I ejected it and put it back in the box.$33 is a lot to spend to only get 20-30 prints out of a cartridge.
My son requested these blocks because they were working with them at school. We figured out later that he used the "speedy carve" in school-not these. These are for those with experience carving. They are so hard i ended up jabbing myself in the hand with the tool.
I seldom write reviews, but my experience with these scissors is so shockingly bad that I just couldn't help myself. Please do not waste your money on this item.I bought these scissors no more than a month ago. Today I was using them and they literally FELL APART IN MY HANDS. I was astonished. There is a metal screw at the joint, which gives the appearance that it's heavy duty, but it screws into the plastic handle, not the metal part of the scissors. The plastic around the screw just broke away. I had used these scissors fewer than a dozen times when this occurred.I have already thrown away the packaging, so I guess I cannot get my money back or a replacement. The other pair has not broken yet but I'm sure it's only a matter of time.When I taught young children, I only bought Fiskars scissors. I suppose I should not have strayed from that brand. I will be replacing these scissors with Fiskars scissors.
Super thin...These are sheets of thin poster board that has been punched into the sizes. They tear easy and a waste of money.
I bought this set for my preschool class. The paints work fine but they are a little "globby". The paint isn't the best quality but when it is mixed with dish soap (to help get paint out of clothes) it is fine. I would probably buy it again just because it was cheaper.
Was more then expected. There was room for the sewing machine plus room for other sewing essentials.
I don't like it because it makes my thread becomes too loose and I retighted and it becomes loose again!
I received this pen as a gift. I have not written with a fountain pen because I thought it might be messy, leaving ink on my fingers. But this pen is great and no ink splotches on my hands. I would definitely give this as a gift.
I chose these because my son requested these markers. He is always doing something with art! He was amazed at the quality his artwork has and the difference from using lesser quality markers. This was a great purchase as far as he and I are concerned!
I bought this for my granddaughter and she acted pleased. It is well built and a lot of fun for little kids. My only complaint is the ink for the stamps was pretty much dryed up. We added water and that made it usable.
I had a fit when my husband purchased this machine on the Home Shopping Network. I assumed he had been overcharged and remember several things we have ordered before and never used. This machine was desirable to him because he wanted something he could sew denim with and also to repair our boat cushions. It was easy to operate and worked great. I will add that the price was the main concern I had when he got it. ...
My machine came pre-threaded for cover stitch, well, sort of: one loper thread fell out, the one that is most difficult to rethread. As others have noted the instructions suggest you unplug the machine when you thread, so there is no light, unless you shine your own spotlight on the mechanics, and even then half of the parts you have to deal with are hidden and inaccessible. I had to search around in the manual and online for hours to figure out how to reconfigure the machine for an overedge stitch, which involves moving the blade, changing the stitch plate and changing the looper position, but these crucial bits of info have to be collected from different documents.It's also clear to me why there is no video: it would scare everyone off!Miserable piece of engineering when it comes to userfriendlyness.On the other hand: once I got the thing going it worked like a charm, at least on the overedge stitches I tried, I did not have the guts to start over again on the cover stitch.Most useful thing I did was to put stickies on the front of the machine to clarify which thread is which: e.g blue=overedge right needle, red=lower looper...And don't be afraid to write in your manual unless things like ATD and 54N21 make intuitive sense to you.Wish I could recommend a machine that is easier to handle, if you do let us all know please!
I've heard Rabbi Doctor Twerski speak and he has saved the life of an addicted friend. I find everything he writes to be relevant. Twerski on Chumash gives short, readable essays on the weekly parasha aimed at an emotional and spiritual understanding of the portion. You can read the book every week or just pick it up when you need some inspiration. I'm glad I have it.
Not worth ordering in my opinion--I gave it away as soon as I looked through it . What a disappointing purchase
My machine is alot smaller then this case, so it does move around when I carry it... if I had seen it before purchasing I probably would not have got it, but it does pertect it if I'm not moving around too much... I guess that's what you get with a "Universal" case.
These are fantastic! Use them for everything from normal scissors use to clipping heavy tomato vines to cutting apart chicken during cooking. The take-apart make them so much easier to clean.
This organizer isn't tall enough for letter size paper. You have to bend all of your paper when you close it.
There was no converter as advertised, as in "comes with". It said "comes with an optional converter." That seem self-contradictory, but "comes with" does not. So where is it?
Had difficulty finding the floor stand thru needlepoint shoppes went to Amazon and found a great selection fast and easy should have looked here 1st
This is double the cost of getting this at a craft store and nearly double of what it costs at other websites. Total ripoff.
I purchased these brayers in good faith. They are lousy. The rubber rollers are not round and leave gaps in the relief block.I cannot recommend these to anyone at any level of printmaking skills.
although this had the same sku as the yarn i was looking for the dye lot must have been differant as it didn't match identically, but that is my fault not the sellers....be sure to check dye lot!
I have been sewing for 50 years and have never had a machine like this one. Thread breaks because it wraps around spool holder, bottom thread breaks, I have tried every thing that in my experience of 50 years has taught me and with no success. I am an avid sewer and put any machine that I use to a grueling test. This machine should be sold only to a NON sewer that way they wouldn't know any different. This machine is very light weight, and the cover is useless. The cover can only be used to cover and not transport. CHEEP ! I intend to put it in the garbage because that is where it belongs, I wouldn't stoop so low to sell it to my worst enemy.
The 1" square punch actually creates a square that fits inside a 1.5" diameter circle. This means the square is more like 1.06066017 inches. (Diameter of the circle is 1.5 inches. If you put a square in the circle, the diagonal line across the square is 1.5", creating a triangle with a 1.5" hypotenuse and unknown size of each side. A squared plus B squared = C squared. if A=B, you get 2A^2=1.5^2. It's easy to solve from there...)It doesn't matter a lot, except if you are creating squares that you want to fit into a larger project - like cover a certain size surface. As you put square next to square, the difference adds up surprisingly quickly!
I Have Already Bought One Of These Hoops And Was Disappointed Beacase The Hoop Came Apart At Where The Nails Were Attached And There Dosent Seem To Be An Easy Way To Re Attach Them So Im Going To Try To Remove The Nails And Put In A Couple Of Screws That Way It Will Be A Litte Stronger. Hopefully... i Bought A Repacement Made Out Of A Strong Plastic Just Not As Big Unfortunatly .
I was so excited to start the green hat on the cover. Unfortunately, the instructions were vague at best and completely leaves out steps at the end, so you end up with a flabbergasting flat mush of felt when you are finished. Easily the *worst* pattern instructions I have ever worked with. What is worse is that they never show you a photo in the back of the hat, so you literally have no idea which end is up. I ended up having to search online for other people that managed to piece the thing together and look at those photos. I highly recommend looking up the photo instructions for the green hat from the "Fashionable Forties Blog" - without those instructions I would have burned the thing in frustration!
We purchased this as a gift to a 4yr old girl and she really liked it. She send us a photo hugging it while she's wearing her cowboy hat.
The item was not the same as what is in the picture above. What ships is a tiny cigarette lighter.
This machine is a great value. It does everything I need and more. The pack of extra feet and accessories is pretty complete.
I did not read the description correctly. They are way too small and not well constructed. Not worth the trouble to return.
I bought this for my 8-year-old daughter for Christmas. She has used it several times and really enjoys it. It was exactly as advertised.
Great help in those tight spaces. I like that it's solid with a metal handle so I know unless I loose it, I won't have to buy another.
I HAVE ENJOYED THE EASEL BUT IT IS BUILT FOR ADULTS ONLY AND NEEDS TO BE TREATED GENTLE AND DOES NOT TAKE UP MUCH SPACE- EASY TO USE.
iwas recommended this machine by a few of my friends who have one. they were right. its very user friendly. easy to thread, good instructions, serges very well on a variety of different fabric and fabric thickness
I needed a better organizer for my scale model bench. I had tried building my own. I am a model builder not a carpenter...unfortunately. I saw this on Amazon and really liked the simplicity.PROS: Looks good and has drastically cut down the clutter on my bench.CONS: Packaging and material. USPS dropped kicked the box and then had a UFC match with the it! I ended up glueing four pieces back together. The wood is almost a balsa quality type wood. Very soft. I had expected a harder wood for the price.Overall: I am happy with it but felt that for price they could of packaged it better and made it out of a sturdier would.
Quite easy to thread.The stitches are very uniform.The reviews said it was noisy. I didn't find this to be objectionable.
It works just fine but it hasn't replaced my safety pin. My trusty safety pin does the same job and does it well for a fraction of the price.
I expected what was pictured but should have read the description better - it's actually quite small - a 2 inch oval that is about 1/4 inch thick - really small. ok, but not as expected.
The package came fast with prime shipping. Overall it's a pretty good product. I think I was a little disappointed because I purchased it trying to replace a roll that had just run out. I didn't know where (or what brand) the last roll came from so I was hoping it was the same. However, this one was less white than the one I hoped it would be (though I should have expected since it's 10% recycled). Just don't expect bright white like copy paper. Also, this one is 40lbs and is a little thinner than the one I had before (I'm guessing that one was 50lbs).Another thing that bugged me a little was that the first (outer edge) 30 feet or so, the edges were not perfectly aligned with the rest of the roll causing some crinkling (only on the very edge). Also, since it barely fit in it's packaging, there were a few dents in the roll that will show on the paper that is close to the very outer part of the roll (caused probably during shipping).Otherwise it's pretty good. I'd buy again. But if you want bright white and thick, you might want to look elsewhere.I'll upload pictures soon.
These canvases are only 3/4" deep. They are braced with a centered cross instead of corner braces. They'll work okay...but not ideal.
Wish that I had read the reviews before I purchased! Should have know that the price was too good to be true. The wheel is not in line with the pad to punch on and the tool is not adequate to punch through belt leather. Heavy duty is not truthful. May be adequate for watch bands or shoe straps, but not for anything of good leather.
I love my Innovations. I have knit a double knit baby afghan, fishnet stockings, shrug, and more and I have only had it 2 months! I am a complete yarnophile so I love to learn how to knit every way (machine, hand, loom). I HIGHLY suggest you look at the Yahoo Group Innovationsknitting for patterns, pictures of projects, tips & tricks, just friendly advice. I have quite a few pictures up as well.
This item is FAR to heavy and bulky for it's task. It is reasonably well made, but you have to build it yourself (not difficult). The particle board it probably twice the thickness it should be, and weighs a ton. The design is innovative at least, though it is not especially attractive.
I used these to print out images onto fabric for some Christmas gifts I'm making. The product allows you to sew the images on your item, or to iron them on. I personally used the sew on method, which worked very well and I got nice results. I haven't used the iron on method, so I can't really say how well that works. It's fun to be able to print any image you want and to sew onto pillows, bags, shirts, etc. You can get very creative with this stuff. I would buy again.
We're potty training my 2 year old daughter and after she fills up her Potty Chart with stickers, she gets to go to the story and pick out a toy. This was her very first one and she was SO EXCITED. We looked around the store for about 20 minutes, and she decided that she wanted the STAMPS! When she finally got to play with them, she tried a couple times, but the pad was clearly dry and she said, "It's not working!" I ran around upstairs looking for a stamp pad that I had hopefully kept around, but nothing. When I came down, she was curled up on the couch looking SO SAD and I said, "Why do you look so sad?" And she said, "I can't do it." Poor thing thought it was her fault! I told her it wasn't and that I would go get her some new pads the next day, which I did. Once we had pads that worked, the stamps were fun, but the pad that came with it SHOULD HAVE WORKED.
I used this for a baby blanket and although it's not the softest yarn, it is still cozy and it just turned out BEAUTIFUL. I used a bubble pattern. Keep in mind that this is a smaller skein, so you will need quite a few of them to make a decent sized blanket!I usually use Caron Simply Soft... but this yarn was just so beautiful I couldn't pass it up! It has a beautiful rose color mixed with a light brown and white, and because it is varied in color, you can just use this color alone and the pattern of color changes will make a beautiful blanket. Nice yarn that doesn't pull apart, no knots in the yarn after several skeins, I definitely recommend it! Just wish they made it in larger skeins so I didn't have so many ends to finish off!
Years ago I bought a Singer Chain Stitch Machine and it functioned a little better than this machine. .The tension is just a screw, without any way to set it properly so that you can repeat the same tension you used earlier. (Something that is very important because balancing the stitches on this machine is nearly impossible.) The motor is so starved for power that the light actually dims considerably when the motor is running.The feed dogs do not actually function, so all those pretty stitches on the knob don't come out properly, because you have to pull the fabric through.The needle is hard to thread, due to positioning of guards around it.Basically, everything that everyone else has said about this machine is absolutely true. Only a *very* inexperienced sewer would be happy with the results from this machine. I'm sure one can make a pillow with it.If you want a EuroPro, go with one of the bigger models. (I have the Silk and Denim and I love it. I'm getting the 9025LCD today!) If you find this one somewhere, give it to a six year old. At least it sews a locking stitch and the drop in bobbin will be easier for a little on to work with. (Just make sure you don't leave him/her alone with it, because the needle is real, but then so was Singer's little toy chain stitch machine.)This machine is comparable to Singer's current Tiny Tailor,.The current Tiny Tailor is also only good as a child's toy.
I really love the sewings machine. It so far has been great! It is a bit light for my tast, but other than that I love this machine! It really makes sewing more enjoyable!
This product is excellent. I had one of this for many years and is very useful. I use it as a laundry basket, to take things from my house to my travel trailer, and other chores around the house. It is strong and easy to storage. I bought two because they are not easy to find. I strongly recommend this product.
I shopped several locations looking for an electric hole punch that was under $100. Couldn't believe the great price on this hole punch. So far so good, it functions as it should. Delivery was quick. I am pleased and would recommend this item to anyone who needs an electric punch.
I have been using a similar priced brother serger for years and when it broke I couldnt find it in my town so i purchased this singer machine.I am returning it tomorrow.i am rather good at threading sergers and have used many other models besides my own with no dificulties (its still a pain though). but this machine makes it as dificult as possible.the #1 & #2 threads go through these loops that they seem to come out of pretty easily while the machine is in use.the #3 & #4 thread that go through the needles could not be harder to thread. the machine has an arm that sticks out just to the right of the needles (it is for the cutting blade i believe) which makes it nearly impossible to thread with your right hand. and even while threading with your left the arm blocks most of your view. making this very dificult.the tension dials already began slipping from the factory setting after no more then 10 min of use and had to constently be adjusted to keep them at the right tension.i did like how the threading instructions were very well marked on the machine (although a very important part for thread #2 was left off the drawing which makes it inoperable without this one instruction which you do find in the manual). i also liked how the tension was clearly marked on the machine. but after 10 min of use those settings were already wrong.the machine itself does not feel as quality as the similar Brother 1034D model. at first i thought the threading looked easier but after threading it several times it in fact is much more time consumming and much more dificult. the machine also sergers at a slightly slower pace.i am very disapointed with this machine and will be returning it and ordering the Brother 1034D instead. that seems to me to be the best machine for the cost (although once the coil inside stretches it is not repairable (says the guy at the repair shop). although i had the same machine for 4 years and i used it on a daily basis for my evening business. so it got lots of use. after the 1st year i had to baby the tension but it still worked!).
The shiipping cost was very high on this! I felt ripped off when I got this for this coupld have fit in a regular business envelope and a postage stamp used.
It was a bit dry and has almost no smell left. Since I only bought one, it's not worth returning, but I will stick to buying ink pads at the store since I can return them if they are dried out.
The item had arrived prompty and undamaged. Assembly was simple and fast. The item is as pictured and very much functional. The unit seems sturdy, except for the 2 adjustable shelves, which are just flimsy cardboard. The rest of the unit is made of the average laminated particle board, nothing spectacular. I wish it was solid wood. The price is a bit stiff for a particle board item, but overall I am ok with my purchase.
This item appeared to be larger than what I recieved but it still does the job I need it to do.
I ordered this gesso for an architecture project and it was almost a brick will never order again! Never Again, Ever!
I was very excited about getting this machine...thought Singer was a good name. I have had good things and bad things come from this machine. One major problem was that my bobbin thread was showing on the TOP of the item being embroidered. I adjusted the tension of the bobbin thread to 0, but the back of my item looked nicer than the front. My dealer replaced my machine. My new machine did the same thing only when I used a certain type of thread "THE BOTTOM LINE" bobbin thread. I quit using that and so far so good. (I think it likes thicker thread in the bobbon, so now I just use the same thread in the bobbin as I do in the top). Now I am having a HORRIBLE problem...the machine is sewing the design in the wrong place in the hoop. For example, the software says that the first letter would be 20 cm from the edge of the hoop...but the machine sews the first letter more like 50-60 cm from the edge. This causes the last letters of the design to be OFF THE HOOP. Things are left off center and I have to restabilize and rehoop to try to get something out of it (then it is NOT centered). I have read many reviews and none seem to recommend Singer from embroidery. I hear that Janome makes a good machine, but it costs more. Some of my embroidery has came out nice..but I have ruined MANY nice items from using this machine. It seems as though Singer should have some reserve fund to replace costs of all the things the machine has ruined. I am very frustrated and disappointed. For what it costs, this machine is ok. But if you have the extra money to spend, or would be doing this for payment (like you would be putting someone else's items into the machine) you may want to consider buying a better machine!
I have 2 of these and they are a fabulous idea and perfect for my needs but I am frustrated with the drawers now bowing with just a little weight in them. I've had them just a few months and they were great in the beginning but now they hang and fall off the rails when you pull them out because the plastic is not sturdy enough to hold less than 1-1/2 pound of materials! The size would indicate you could fill it with paper but trust me... 1/2 full is still TOO FULL and it bowes the sides of the flimsy plastic drawers. Typical great idea but just a little better quality would make them actually a great product too!
Good, sturdy, fun product for the price we paid. Makes a great gift for when your child has to take a gift to a birthday party!
This card contains half of the designs that are on the Brother Disney "Film Stars" embroidery card. That card can be commonly found for $99 or less. To get all of the same designs, you have to buy two of these cards (the New Disney Classics and Belle and Ariel card). If you are only going to use Ariel & Belle, this is good. If you want Lion King and Aladdin too, you should look into the full size Film Stars card instead.
I spent several days searching everywhere in the Portland OR area and even called some shops up in Seattle. I wanted a really fluffy, thick and heavy batting for the new quilt I made. Silk, satin, velvet and lace, it needed something rich inside to match it's outside.When I found this online, I was worried it wouldn't meet what I wanted. Thankfully, it was about an inch thick, warm and soft. we love it and I will definitely be using it again and again. I just wish it were available in the local Joannes. I just have no patience to wait for it!
I got these along with a set from amazon.com of circular knitting needles and these are a great addition to my knitting supplies. Good quality!
I'm a super beginning knitter but I've been lucky enough to have a teacher that allowed me to use her Denise circular needles (or unlucky since it spoiled me - haha). I love how much easier circulars are to handle compared to the old fashion 'stick' type needles. Unfortunately these replace the stick problem with a hard to handle and in the way plastic cable. It's in the way, it won't move, the stitches don't move smoothly from the needles to the cable. It's just cheaply made and it really takes away any advantage of circular needles over the sticks. I guess I'll have to save up for the $55 Denise needles. You get what you pay for!
If you have kids this makes for an interesting craft/gift idea for family. Just don't go willy nilly like I did and try a large project right off. Trying something smaller like a hand print or thumb (suggested in directions) will give you an idea of how much time goes by before the alja-safe starts to mold. My poor 3 year old daughter had to "try" and sit still for minutes because I was trying to make a candy bowl out of her cupped hands...cute idea but it didn't work out -- she wasn't keeping still and all we ended up was a mess and wasted mold. I later tried her entire hand up to her wrist -- still didn't quite work but then I did her hand print and smoothed out the back while the plaster of paris was still wet and will affix it to a board or something -- this shows her detailed hand and fingers in [still] motion while not requiring her to dip her whole arm in to the mixture.Other similar products cost anywhere from 15-25 dollars and will only provide enough for one time...you mess up the money is wasted - I'd rather get a plastic tray or dish from a craft store and have the extra mold to compensate for my mistakes :DVery happy with the product but because of my impatience I will have to order more to finish my project ideas :D
I use these pins for my quilting needs because they are a nice, longer length, and the head design makes them very easy to grasp and grab. Love these pins!
The punch part isn't very sharp. you have to have a certain type of paper that's not too thick or too thin for it to cut.
Like other reviewers said, its best use is for straight stitching and simple mending. This machine is NOT for beginners. If I had to learn how to sew on a machine like this, I would have given up the first day. In fact, if I had not had experience working in sewing factories and an understanding of basic mechanics, I probably would have immediately returned it, as several others said they did.A few of the problems with this machine? 1)It is unstable because of its light weight. I had my husband hold the machine in place while I sewed. 2)the feed-dog does not grip and push the fabric firmly enough. This makes stitching across flat felled seams, or going from one thickness to the other within the same seam (pleats, shirring, etc) impossible. 3)the tension (or lack there of) does not allow the thread to be pulled thru the tension lever. That is why, unless you slowly, manually pull the thread thru the guides, it will break when you finish the seam and want to remove the garment from under the presser-foot.Having said that, I don't have room for a real sewing machine at home, so I bought this for mending and simple tasks. Here in NYC, it costs $15.00 just to have a straight seam fixed, so after I figured the thing out and got it working, its paid for itself already. But to be clear, I could not imagine being able to make a garment with this machine.
Color is a Bright Pumpkin Orange NOT golden yellow as shown. The color recieved is a nice orange for pumpkins and pumpkin hats so I did not return.
Finally I got the right tool for the right job. This knife cuts a smooth, non-jagged, edge in acrylic much better than any other cutter I have tried.
Okay so yeah if I hadn't already used this I would return it.Why, well first it's loud and noisy! Even with proper oiling it's loud!!!I bought this machine to use as a second serger to my small apron business. I figured it would be easy to thread for those aprons I choose to change the color of the thread. Well, yes it is easy to thread and adjust. But, the negatives about this machine out weigh the positives.Secondly, the knife doesn't not adjust on this machine unless you totally don't use it. Third, the feed dog on this machine is rough to thinner fabrics and can easily rip your fabric. Even with adjusting the pressure to the feed dog.Thirdly, the engineering of this machine makes it easy for the fabric that is being cut to fall in the machine and jam it. A real pain!!My Juki far outweighs this machine in both engineering and ease of use. And yes I would love the opportunity to return this machine!
I was extremly sastified with my purchase finding it here saved me from drivimg all around trying to locate one. There are no places that sell parts close to where I live
This puncher broke- literally fell apart in two days of usage. I've never had this problem with this brand before, but I thought this was worth noting.
it does what it says....although, you have to make sure you tighten the blade in before using (i learned the hard way)...this is awesome. I purchased this because i needed something that would do a better job than scissors when creating props for a photo booth...cutting out card board and things like that. its awesome. i've used to for many other projects!
I polish a lot of silver and Hagerty has the best products on the market. I use the polish after I have cleaned the silver with Hagerty's Silver Foam.
Works well for the job it was used to do and make the task easier. Also helps to get the job done quicker and accurate.
Nothing special, but gets the job done. I could see where a better set may be nicer, but the chucks hold the blades firm. Provide a non-slip grip, and come with a good variety of blades. It'll get the job done and without the associated cost of the x-acto brand.
This was sent to my granddaughter and she indicated that it arrived, but there was NO GLUE in the pen. Trying to send it back is kind of impossible as she lives in another town and is getting ready to move to Virginia where her husband will be based at Fort Lee..
The friend I gave this to for Christmas loved it! I would recommend it to people who love to sew.
The prints I got with this from my Picturemate charm looked great, but the ink is a joke. It only lasted for about 60 of my 150 sheets of paper. I was printing sepia toned images, so I suspect that has something to do with it. Don't rely on the ink that comes with this product, always have at least two back up ink cartridges.
A beautiful collection of colors to paint. Soft and warm tones. The packaging is convenient and portable... I love It!
I received an LS-2125 as a gift from my daughter and was initially very pleased. Until I tried to use it to sew a button hole in a shirt. I had to adjust the button hole stitch but when I touched the adjustment knob, it fell out of the machine (it is plastic. why companies use plastic for machined parts escapes me).I contacted the company for warranty service and they informed me I would have to ship it in at my expense and pay for return shipping and any repair work that is performed...this is MORE than the cost of the machine.I also got the distinct impression from both the customer service folks at Brother & the nearest authorized service center (which is over 70 miles away) that I got what I deserved for buying their low end machine. The service center owner said he would be glad to sell me a machine that is reliable and works...sooooo let this be a warning! Do Not Buy Brother Sewing Machines!
Ordered 13 sets of (12) as advertised... received 13 individual pens. The advertisment said on sale for $5.46 (originally $34.99 84% off) How could they be $34.99 each for a paint stick.
Cheap plastic construction. Button to retract blade gets tripped during cutting definitely suggest a better quality one!!!
It does everything it says it does. It works best in a dark(er) environment. It was a bit tricky to fix on a six foot folding table, where I work. Perhaps later I shall splash out and buy its stand. The arm extends quite a long way up and one can adjust the size of the image. I have only used it once so I cannot comment on the length of the life of the bulb. Fairly simple to assemble with clear instructions. Good value for money. My intention is to use it to cut down unnecessary time re-sizing from my photos. I want to paint not draw and this artograph cuts down drawing time. I find this very useful and valuable. Not recommended if you want to draw in or see every tiny detail of the original. I was able to draw the outlines of the major parts of the original photograph, after it was enlarged on the painting surface, and hey presto I started painting. No delays or frustration with pencil drawings or sizing. So far very pleased with it.
It isn't so much the product was bad but it wasn't the correct shape for my ironing board - to return it - well, they make it SO difficult that it isn't worth it - which is what they want you to think. It was more costly and time consuming to deal with the company than it was worth. I would never order from them again.
I didn't find anything special about this product. It's a clear tape that is similar (if not the same) width as clear packing tape and it also seems to be equally as thick. In light of the fact that you should have a dispenser to use this tape, I simply didn't find it practical to use (I didn't have the dispenser). I think I may have been more impressed with this product if the box somehow could have been fashioned to be the tape dispenser for ease of use.I used this product on a damaged hardcover book and a school folder that was falling to pieces. It does provide adequate coverage however again; I didn't see how this product was any different from clear packing tape. It's wide, shiny clear tape - that's it.Unless this product was priced significantly less than regular packing tape, I'd probably pass on this.
I purchased this item to use in my medical school training. I study overseas, and am limited by weight and size in what I can bring to school. The cling whiteboard idea appealed to me and I was excited to learn that it fit easily into my suitcase. It arrived via UPS and the box was crushed, but the contests were just fine, albeit a bit creased in spots. My traveling did not improve the creases on the roll, but the sheets stuck to the wall very well. I am currently using "EXPO" brand dry-erase markers and I have found that they are difficult to completely erase. I have not yet tried using water to clean off the sheet. I'd highly recommend this for anyone that needs a light-weight convenient whiteboard but isn't too worried about the product suffering from what may be a 1 time use. (There are 35 sheets per package!)
but it wasn't so I wasted my time and money! very dissatisfied and disappointed! waste of my time and day
I found this machine convenient and effective for about 3 weeks. It simply stopped working, no action at all when button is pushed, and I cannot determine the cause.
Never made a scrap book before. This made it so easy. All of the scrapboooking paper comes in 12x12 and the white paper that comes with the 10 included sheets is good quality. Loved this book and so did my Mother-in-law.
It's nice paper for the price, but there is absolutely no way it's 110 lb. I needed thick, sturdy cardstock and this is almost like regular paper. It feels more like 70 or 80 lb. It's unfortunate cause it really would have been perfect.
Good price, does the job, but hard to figure out the different stitches and how to use them. Instruction booklet needs to be a little more detailed when it comes to choosing different usage of stitches.
There is no gloss on this paper at all so it doesn't even look like a cheap sticker. The slits on the back of the paper to make it easier to remove are actually deep creases that show through the front of the paper. This makes full page printing useless. All the sheets in the pack had these deep creases. So I don't know if I just received a defective pack or if this is how all the Avery Sticker sheets are.
Purchased this as a gift for the "artist" in the family. It appears to be as described, but I cannot judge the quality as compared to other brands. Only she can tell after using it, if it was what she wanted.
I like this machine considering i know nothing about sewing at all. I got this to sew all my military uniforms and its doing a perfect job. It does everything i nee to do and it handles my thick uniform plus really thick patches. The only draw back is the intruction really lack...well instruction. It was very difficult at first to operate, but i got the hang of it after watching a few youtube videos. For this price, im very happy.
I use this for college. It punches about 10 sheets. It help keeps all my papers organize in my binder.
I purchased one of these red dress forms because I'm sewing for several people, I'm lucky there are only mild differences between each of our sizes, but I needed a form to help with the fitting and adjustments to the patterns. I'm working on a leather dress for a rodeo queen and I need all the help I can get. It arrived very quickly and I was happy it did. However, the adjustment for height isn't strong enough to stay up with any weight on the form. Which means that if you manage to figure out what all the different numbers on the pole mean for height, once you get it where you want, and you can't with the form on the pole unless you can balance the form on your shoulder and tighten the plastic nuts,that as soon as I put any weight which wasn't much, it slid all the way back down to is lowest setting. In addition, the multiple adjustment dials are nice, but don't believe the measurements on the dials, make sure you use a tape and measure it yourself, Because it doesn't measure out the same as the dials claim. I am able to easily pin to the form it has a thin layer of foam and fabric, more then enough for pining to. For the price its worth it I think, but I also recomment shopping for one very carefully and thoroughly.
I thought this would be something nice to do with my little pup, who is two years old now. A lot of the pages are neat and interesting, but the book itself doesn't seem well thought out enough. A good portion of the book is pretty much &#34;Here, do it yourself because we don't know what to put here,&#34; for all the various holidays and such. I didn't think it was well organized, and a lot of the questions just didn't apply to my dog. I'm still relatively happy I bought it, because it gives me ideas to make my own, better book like this.
As usual, I am a Bob Ross fan and feel so comfortable in using his products and Amazon always has what I need when I need it. If you have watched Bob Ross on TV, you know this is a brush that you need.
This costs about $3 a sheet off of Amazon.It does come with instructios, but they're a bit insufficent as they doesn't tell you which side to iron. It's an easy enough guess so I ironed on the printed side, right on top of my printed image. It doesn't look as seamless as the t-shirt iron-on transfers, but it looks good enough to use as a gift for someone. Since it is a gift, I don't get to test it to see how it will hold up, but the adhesive seems to hold well, so I'm not worried about that part. I tested it on some scrap fabric and tried to pull it off. It was not coming off without a fight so I gave up satisfied that the adhesive will hold through washing.You have to cut the image out exactly if you don't want the white backing on your project and any unevennessin cutting will show as well. I can't say I'm very happy with the results with using it on a shirt pocket. It would probably do better on a tote bag, but it's good enough. It looks really good from a distance.I don't think I like it enough to get more when I run out, but I will have fun using what I have.
I don't know why they call this the Original Buttoneer? This is not the original or Vintage version with just one needle. I found the Vintage Buttoneer (the one with only one needle)to have much more sturdy fasteners. If you have the Vintage version or are able to find it, the old fasteners in the box are too old and brittle. I was given the address to order the original fasteners (in new condition)Buttoneer FastenersP.O. Box 557Franklin, MA 02038You have to write them and request information, there is no website, or phone number available. I hope this helps some of you.
I have been trying to return this item, but I can not get a response!
Ink not always smooth. I'm not thrilled with this product. Some pens work better than others. Not really satisfied .
I bought these scissors for myself and liked them so much that I bought more for bridal showers. They make a nice gift when paired with the OXO soft handled vegetable peeler.They are easy to use, comfortable to hold and nice and sharp. The locking mechanism is handy as well. The price is very reasonable. However after a year, I am having a problem with the spring that is key to the scissors periodically falling out. I have to put the scissors down and replace it. So I have lowered my rating to 2 stars. The vegetable peeler still rates 5 stars.
I bought this to help me project line drawings onto a wall before painting a mural. I was able to mess with this product to get it to do what I need but almost not even worth it.Cons:-you need to be in a completely dark room for the projection to show-you can't just place the projector over an image, it has to be propped up on something so that the bottom hovers over the image or it won't show (I can't imagine a child using this!)-you can only project from a tiny image (like 2x3in) although you can piece together an image in theory, this is impossibly hard because any change in position and you will not be able to line up the new image. This would not be so hard if the darn thing wouldn't have to be rigged up to hover over the image in the`first place.Pros:-only affordable projector I could find anywhereSuggestions:-they should add adjustable feet to each corner of the base that make it easy to consistently change the angle of the projection while keeping the base hovered over the image.If anyone had better luck than me and wants to give me tips for better use I'm listening!
I purchased (2) of the same kit's for gifts this Christmas..I find it easy and fast to do. The yarn doesn't shed like others I have done and the color is nice!
It tends to tear my floss for cross stitching (where your pulling it through the needle) when i use this product. Therefore, I do not use it very often.
I received this product and I was so excited until I opened the tin box. About half of the ink cartridges has leaked all over. The seller doesn't offer shipping out another so I had to just send back for a refund (which I haven't gotten yet - but I'm sure I will). I didn't dare order another for fear it would happen again. Like I said, I was excited to get the product and disappointed when I did. I ordered a calligraphy pad and instruction book also (different sellers) and now I don't even have pens to use them with. I will definitely do more research before I order another calligraphy set. Granted, this may be a fluke so check the other reviews to see if this happened to others. Good luck
I really like this hole puncher. It is heavy duty, can do a lot of papers at one time. Totally adjustable. For the price, it was cheaper than me going to Office Max. This is even better than the hole punch I have at work.
Cheap and works while being compact, but it feels flimsy.The price is great though, no complaints there at all...
I was really excited about these scissors after finding them on Sky Mall! I know I'm not the only one who reads that magazine! However, they're really awful. Whatever you cut gets stuck in the blades and you have to constantly pull out pieces of paper to enable you to continue cutting. I was so disappointed!
I received a ring for a Christmas present last year that was about a size too large. Owing to my living location at the time, I was unable to get it resized permanently for about 4 months. I wanted to wear the ring in the interim though, so I found these ring guards.They sure beat the bandaid and tape that I had used to make it more snug for the two weeks until these arrived, but I wouldn't go much further than that. The guard didn't secure very well, even when applied with pliers, and as it slid around back and forth, I ended up with a long scratch on the ring, which then almost gave me problems when taking it to a jewelers to get it resized because they said the scratch was deep enough to make it risky that the shank might break.If you've got a ring you want to wear but can't get resized, I would cautiously recommend these, but don't put them on anything you wouldn't mind seeing scratched.
I'm only giving this product 3 stars because I bought it from Joann's and they took forever to ship it! Otherwise the handles are awesome and looked fantastic in my project.
I've only used the machine a few times. It's lighter than my original sewing machine, but seems to be a good quality item. The stitching has been consistent and the user information is quite helpful and appropriate. It was a good buy-
We purchased this for our daughter as a Christmas gift. What a nightmare. First of all, the scissors it came with...well let's just say my teeth cut better. This scissor is so DULL we'd be willing to allow our three year old to handle it. It cuts NOTHING. This sewing machine comes with one tiny square of material, so you have to be sure to have material on hand if you want your child to actually attempt sewing something. It's incredibly difficult and frustrating to thread the needle. The stitches are way too loose and break apart at the slightest touch. There is no bobbin, so there's nothing to hold your stitch together. We wanted to make a simple little pillow for my daughter's dolls...wishful thinking! The minute you attempt to turn your project right-side-out, the stitches come apart and you have NOTHING. My daughter just walked away. We can't believe Singer would be the maker of this 1.99 piece of plastic.
I really wanted to like this machine. Got it on a lightening deal from Santa to my 9year old daughter. Out of the box before threading or anything it was grinding. Santa failed on this one. Brother was going to send it for repair, but I just got a replacement from amazon. This second one has tension issues. Too tight, too loose. Changes within the same run. Frustrating. I spent an hour and a half working on it and finally got too frustrated. She came to me later so sad that it wouldn't work. There is no way she could work on this somewhat alone with the thread catching in the bobbin case so much. May oil, may get new metal bobbins, but may send this second one back. I have another brother, the 400 version for embroidery and sewing, I love that one and really hate this one.
These guys must have laughed hysterically when they decided to call this paper Heavyweight... or even White for that matter, and just for fun, made up the word Duo-Finish.First off, the paper itself was wavy and completely uneven, almost like it had been exposed to moisture or humidity. It was not smooth at all, is an icky, off white color, and both sides were equally crappy. It's as thin as cut-rate copy machine paper. Unlike the photo, it does not come on any kind of core, and the center is wound so tight you can't slide it onto any kind of rod to use as 'roll' paper unless you spend a half hour to hand loosen it. Even if you bother, it will end up sagging on whatever hanger rod you put it on instead of sit in a clean roll, making it very awkward to use.You can completely forget trying to use it as cheapo photography background paper, and is so crappy looking, will show in anything but the most blurred backgrounds. I can't imagine it's much good for anything EXCEPT letting a child scribble with crayons on it. It's basically going to end up as wadding for shipping/package filler.Seriously, pass this junk right on by and purchase a decent brand...It's pathetic.;(..
I am new to card making and wanted the ability to dry emboss them. This light box is disappointing in that the light is only bright in the center. The other problem is you must use only white or very light colored card stock. I wanted to use this to make Christmas cards only to discover that even medium colored paper is too dark to see the stencil, making it worthless for my project. I gave it three stars because if you stay with light colored paper and use stencils that are not much larger than three inches it will get the job done.
I purchased this to dye a faded wool Stetson style hat. Even though the hat is moderately weatherproof the dye soaked in perfectly. I water-tested it after drying and found it to remain color fast. The problem I found (and I offer it as a word of caution, not to fault the product) was that following the directions and soaking the hat in hot water for 30 min caused it to shrink significantly so that, while it is as dark a black as I wanted, it is too small to wear
what can I say about a crochet hook? It is a very nice crochet hook. Actually I probably could have gotten one cheaper in the store.
I was looking for black kraft paper to use as dustcovers on the back of my paintings and they were all very expensive especially by the time you paid to have it shipped. Amazon had this one and it works great! I would also like to find it in the 24" width/roll. If you need a heavy weight kraft paper, this one will not disappoint!
I ordered this product for a school project, it was supposed to be a one-inch square. What I received was an irregular measurement of 11/16 of an inch. The punch itself works well but the project was made exponentially more difficult due to this error in description. I would be wary of purchasing from this seller again.
Cheaper than buying at Cricut. You don't realize how much you need one of these until you've had one, and then suddenly can't find it. Definitely a good purchase. And free shipping for me with Prime Shipping!
I started making jewelry a year ago, and I absolutely love swarovski, so i bought these. I thought they would be a bit bigger though. No doubt about, it I love the beads, but on my opinion, you should get the 1000 count with a wide variety of sizes and colors, it is a much better deal too.
I ended up getting one of these, with a mini ironing board at a yardsale, and the novelty was the catch! Thinking I could use it while at work during the slow periods when I can do my crafts, I tried it the other night... boy, what a waste, I'm glad I didn't pay much for it, probably about $2 for both items if that. (It was part of a lot of items bought for one price that day.)I was trying to iron damp fabric, to dry it, and get the wrinkles out. Not only was it not hot enough to dry the fabric, it did not get the wrinkles out either. Thinking it was maybe holding too much moisture with the mini fabric covered ironing board, I used the hard surface of the bathroom counter, this was actually worse, as the counter sucked all the heat away, leaving the fabric just as damp, compared to less damp on the board!You can touch the bottom without getting a serious burn, though it does feel hot, I was unable to get anywhere with it, and put it away, so I could get some real ironing done at home with my Rowenta Surfline Titan Plus that is a wonderful iron! Another steal, at $2.99 at a thrift store!If you have a little girl who wants to learn to iron, and learn about hot irons, this will do the job! Hot enough to frighten a child, but that is about it.
I have larger cutting mats, but this one really came in handy when I was working with smaller squares and paper piecing. It didn't take up nearly as much room and could be right beside my sewing machine.
I purchased this dye to color some white baby onesies and tees. Even though the fabric I used was 100% cotton, it did not take the dye very well and the end result was a mottled appearance. It doesn't look terrible but it is not the look I was going for. Perhaps if I left them in the dye longer than instructed the color would have penetrated the fabric more evenly. I also purchased the royal blue dye at the same time, and the items dipped in the blue dye bath turned out beautifully. Everything else being equal, this leads me to believe that perhaps the darker colors of dye are easier to work with.
As always, this "Golden" product was excellent. Although there may not be a huge difference between brands, generally I find "Golden" art supplies to work the best.
The photos printed on this paper look great, no doubt about it. They look just as good as something I would have done professionally for a standard 4x6. However, the amount of toner in these cartridges doesn't appear to be anywhere near what they are promising. I got the printer for Christmas (it comes with a cartridge), along with this ink/paper replacement pack. I have printed exactly 102 photos, and have gone through both the starter ink cartridge that came with the printer, as well as the replacement ink cartridge. Now I am left with about fifty pieces of paper and no way to print on them. I am not printing anything unusual (just a bunch of photos of our kids), nor were the photos taken at a very high resolution (5M - not sure if that matters).So, even if I disregard the first printer cartidge (I agree with another reviewer that the one coming with the printer doesn't seem to have much toner in it), the cost of printing each photo comes to about $0.38/each, and that doesn't include the cost of the printer itself! I love the convenience of being able to easily print photos at home, but it comes at a high price when you can get it done online or at a local retailer's for $0.12-.20/print. I guess that's why they can afford to charge so little for the printer.
I hate that it doens't go through the door frame. Annoying! But I really like the look and the storage.
These embossing plates are very easy to use, and so cute too! I have used them several time and the results are great every time! Highly recommend
first time ever sewing. never touch a sewing machine but the instructions/ picture helped a lot. aside from what everyone else said, there are different speeds ( at least in my experience). The bottom spool runs out fast which is a down side. You need to open it up more often to refill it.Overall very nice.
I thought I would get ones that are superior to what the local fabric store sells. These are very ordinary and the shipping cost was outrageous considering the VERY small item and its weight.
Not good paint. Very thick. Resembles marshmallow cream. Maybe I got a bad bottle? I needed something a lot smoother and thinner.
The drawing pad was a Christmas gift for a young girl that shows artistic capabilities. I understand she is pleased with it.
I think the colors run true. It works on any paper any of my other inks work on. My complaint is what this ink does with the nibs. While using any of my pens (I prefer Lamy, but have the same problems in my Visconti's, Pelikan, Parkers, and Cross)the ink spreads/feathers out slightly on the slit of the nib. Thus I have a dark line of ink running down the middle of the nib whenever I use Noodler's. I don't get this problem with any other brand ink .
THESE PENS ARE A HARD TO FIND ITEM IN LOCAL STORES. THEY ARE ONE OF THE BEST WRITING PENS I'VE EVER USED.
These refills like all the stuff for the Xyron machines are expensive. They are well made though and insert without difficulty. My biggest problem is that they need a warning strip to let you know when you are at the end of the roll. I have ruined a lot of projects that way. I wrote to the company to suggest they find a way to do this and never got a response.
I bought this for light sewing work, and it works like a dream. It's not too difficult to thread, and it works great. I hope that someday I get into more heavy sewing projects, but I am a newbie. Works well for fixing seams, clothes, and doing small projects. Very great value for the machine. Love it and I love that it is pink.
These scissors look really cool. They even come in a cool little tin. But they are super heavy, they hurt your fingers when your trying to cut something thats a little tough, and they dont cut through tough materials very well (fabric swatches with paper attached to the back for example) it shouldnt be that hard for it to cut.
I like that I paid $20 for a pretty durable heavy duty hole puncher that if I used my $20 in Staples - I would get one of those 3 page hole punchers instead. Perfect for scholars and for myself at work.
I hadn't paid attention to the size! So I was surprised the sheets were so long. This will be great for larger craft projects. I felt the quality was excellent.
my mother bought me this product and it is awesome i loved it order it . It has opaque color and it is the perfect puzzle piece to an artist
I have been looking for 10-watt sewing machine light bulbs everywhere in brick and mortar stores but couldn't find any so I resorted to Amazon. All I could find in the fabric/craft stores around Boston were 15-watt ones. I was happy to see that this seller had the 10-watt bulbs I was looking everywhere for, and I purchased two even though the shipping cost was higher than the cost of two bulbs themselves. However, when I received the light bulbs today, I was extremely disappointed to see that I was sent two 15-watt bulbs. If I wanted 15-watt bulbs, I would've either bought them from an actual store and not have to pay the shipping cost OR I would've purchased a product with the label that actually said "Singer Long-Life 15-watt."Stuff 4 Scrapbooking, please, in the future, if you are in fact selling 15-watt bulbs, please label your products as such. If you don't carry 10-watt bulbs anymore, then please don't list the item under the pretense that you do in fact carry them. And yes, even though I heard that inserting a 15-watt bulb into a sewing machine that says "10-watt bulb only" or "10W Max" won't really damage the machine, I felt really deceived by the mislabeling and jipped by the shipping cost.And no, I'm not going to return the items because according to the invoice, I'll be responsible for the return shipping costs, and it's completely not worth it considering the shipping cost is higher than the bulbs themselves.
I bought these last Christmas for my three kids--they are now 4 (twins) and 2. My kids were really into road signs and know what most of them are since we play a little game while in the car driving. I knew they would love these signs! And they did...until they actually had them outside to use and they really did keep falling over. Any little bit of wind or even a kid zooming by will tip these things over and the pieces will fall apart. Very frustrating. I thought about making these so that they were permanently fixed to the poles but the thought of storing these without taking them apart was not a great one. Besides, they would still fall off the base. I read the reviews and was very torn on if I should or shouldn't buy them--wish I would have saved my money. My husband wants to sell them at our garage sale this year and I think I will let him.If you live in an area with NO wind, they may stay up for you. I don't live in an area with high wind...but it is still just to much for these poorly designed signs.
Opening a restaurant and this did a nice job of blocking the windows. Nice and strong be easy to manage
My new singer 5040 was delivered yesterday in the middle of the longest winter I can remember. The machine itself is great especially for such an affordable price. I have lots of projects all ready to be sewed since I was waiting for this machine to replace another beloved Singer that died. My disappointment was in finding one bobbin packed with it. Since bobbins I have on hand won't fit I'll have the inconvenience of rethreading that one over and over until the roads clear enough to go to a store that has them. The photo plainly shows 6 bobbins and 2 of each attachment. I got one of each attachment and only 1 bobbin. If purchasing this product you might want to plan ahead.
i go to fashion school so having these scissors is fantastic, they preform like heaven, it's kind of diffrent learning to cut with your left hand (i all ways had right handed scissors) but you learn fast, your hand feels so comfortable even after those long hours of cutting patterns.
This time is cheaply made! I guess you get what u pay for. It is currently sitting in the box for return, It doesn't work the bobbin was all messed up! I am very disappointed I thought this would be good but I was WRONG!!! Dont waste your money!
I was very dissapointed with this product. When you enlarge the dressform it creates gaps so that when you fit a pattern or muslin to the form there is no place for the pins to attach. I was very pleased with the order process. I received my product expediently and with no damage. Thank you, Andrea
Very flimsy case, difficult to open without spilling contents all over the floor, not the kind of product I'd expect from Singer
My only complaint about this roll is that it is not Heavy weight at all! It is very thin but it works for what I bought for (finger paints and coloring), so i am giving it 4 stars.
ACK! Terrible waste of time and money. I tried sewing on this machine for a month before sending it packing. I had all kinds of thread tension issues and needles breaking. I'm an intermediate sewer and I do know how to use a machine. I read through the manual several times and kept rethreading and re-winding the bobbin and trying everything I can think of to make it work... and it just didn't. :(I returned it (thank you, Amazon!) and instead ordered a Janome Threadbanger TB12 and am thrilled with how easy it is to use compared to the Brother. It is a true workhorse and sews through anything for not much more money. Totally worth it.
When I received this mat, it seems like it had been kept in a dirty spot in Amazon's warehouse, so it is a bit stained, even after washing it off. Fiskars really should have wrapped this product in plastic. The sticker label on this item was near impossible to remove. I had to break out the Goo-Gone and putty knife and work at it for a long time before I was able to get it off. I'm also a bit disappointed in the thickness of the mat. I was expecting it to be thicker since it is such a large size (which would help make it less flimsy). The odor that the other reviewer spoke of is also present in mine. It's a pretty strong rubbery smell, so I wouldn't suggest keeping this in your bedrooom if that's where you work. Aside from that, though, it gets the job done. If you need a cutting mat, this one is big and great for large workspaces.
My son's #1 fave color is purple. So I was a little annoyed that there was light blue, dark blue...but no purple! The paper is a little on the thin side, but nice vibrant colors.
I have been trying to return this item, but I can not get a response!
I ordered black stands, but they sent cherry-red stands. I emailed LUCCA and they informed me that black was not in stock. They were great about issuing a refund and shipping label, but it was a waste of time for me to wait for this to arrive only to have to send it back.
I received my kitchen shears today and they do not appear to be the same as what is pictured and described on Amazon. The blades are extremely short. Too short to do the kitchen tasks described in the reviews. Since the product reviews are all several years old my guess is that the item has changed. Amazon needs to update the picture and the product descpription to accurately reflect the product. Otherwise you will be disappointed.
very flimsy,, poor markings compared to Staedtler brand items. CHEAP DOES NOT EQUATE WITH LOW QUALITY. I know Alvin can do better.
I purchased this item when looking for a source for good quality colored wool. I love the wool but was disappointed when I found the exact same thing at Michaels for about $4.50 (regular price). If you don't have a source near you, this would be a good option but if you have a craft store that actually carries wool felting supplies, I'd check there first.
Winding the bobbin and threading the machine isn't a problem at all...In fact it's easy. I've been using my machine quite a bit since I got it not long ago. It's been pretty great for most projects I've done (zippers, applique, quilting, making tote bags...). I've come across a few problems with the bobbin thread getting caught which causes as error message or the thread slipping off the top bit and making a tangled mess. Also, the walking foot was giving me crazy problems when I was quilting. It would jump like a half inch to the side out of no where and ruin my straight line. Not sure what went wrong, but it was surely frustrating.
I'm new to knitting so these are the first needles I've ever used. They're a smooth wood, so the yarn is easily manipulated around them. They seem a little on the expensive side, but I bought them basically because of the amount of great reviews.I suggest you heed more experienced knitters' advice though
From the picture, this looked much more of a finer yarn than it is. It turned out bulky and unuseable and was not soft at all. Disappointed.
This is good item. If you like cottages houses, I think you will agree this and like this item as much as like I like it.
The orange scent was not as strong as I expected it to be. This is the first product of its type that I have ordered. Not sure if I would order again.
This is a good sewing machine carrying case but not a super one. It is not easy to get the top to fit down on the bottom to close. However for the price, who can complain? I needed something to put my machine in that could reach into the closet and grab.
I ordered a border quilt stencil based on the design shown. The stencil I received was not the same as the one I ordered. I have found the same stencil for less than half of what I paid and it is also currently priced on Amazon at $2.96 - I paid $6.75. Not exactly a good experience. Got the wrong item and got screwed on the price.
The Gardenia Scrapbook, although the design is beautiful, the craftsmanship was poor. The minute I opened the package, the pages were falling out of the book. I am very disapointed with this product and as a result I would like a refund and recommend it to no one.
Well ths wld have been great if the actual scrapbook wasnt covered in stains! Even though the scrapbook was wrappd the stains looked like they had been there befote wrapping
I love this book! Unlike all the other knitting books I've read, this one doesn't claim to be easy, it actally is! I've never made a hat before because it's been too intimadating, but this book really simplafies all things. I believe it's good for beginers, but might be a little boaring for kniters who have been knitting for a long time.
The connectors don't really connect very well. I am finding that I need to keep pushing the cubes back together.
--What I received was not what is displayed--These are stacked/layered cut-paper type stickers.The image is correct but the texture is not as shown.Image shown is a graphic representation of what is shipped, actual product looks like a good quality craft project.I was expecting something like a flat vinyl "Colorform" looking item (only sticky).
I bought this because most of the reviews said it didn't drip. I must be doing something wrong or my applicator is defective. At least a third of the glue stick ends up on the mat. My other, least expensive glue gun, dripped less. Bought this one because the glue kept clogging the other one. Not the problem with this one, the glue runs freely onto the mat, better than onto my project.
I like how these ribbons turned out, the print was not as crisp as I would have liked, but still feel the quality is worth four stars, especially considering the price. Now with that said, please be sure to read the description well.....I missed the part where the ribbon comes on a bolt and was a little surprised when I received them with 'assembly' required. I only had to put 40ct together so it wasn't too painstaking, however, if you plan to use these for a larger party make sure you have a team of little elves to help out. In the end, I really like how mine turned out and would definitely order them again for a future small event.
I made a BIG mistake! I purchased this machine over 6 months ago knowing that my 30+ year old Kenmore was going to die at any time. Today I finally opened the box, took out the machine, plugged it in and - NOTHING. No power; just a whining sound from the machine. I tried everything I could think of to get this machine to power-up. Of course, I can't find my receipt anywhere and will just have to live with the fact that I spent the price to keep a boxed machine under my sewing cabinet. Live and learn - I'm not usually so stupid. I'll try to return it to Target and see if they will exchange it for something else - it WON'T be another Shark Intell-Sew!! Consumer Reports recommend (1/05 issue) the Brother machines - pricier @ $500, but very high reviews. I'm off to buy a Brother.......
i start to use it on my polymer clay figures and i see it more clear and clean after using it on my works
I bought this for my mom and there is missing part. so i emailed to customer service in brother company since there is NO Option button for " contact seller". However, i didn't hear anything from them. How can i contact seller? Is "brother" company is the seller or there is someone else? Help me!!
I ordered this punch online, without testing it in a store. Unfortunately, it punches the two holes way too close to the top of the page -- perhaps less than a quarter-of-an-inch down. This makes the holes much more vulnerable to tearing. Since I'm using this punch to attach metal clamps to file folders, and to attach papers to those clamps, it serves no purpose if the holes tear.I went to Staples and tested their 2-hole punch, 28-age capacity. When a sheet of paper is fully inserted into the punch, the holes are nearly a quarter-of-an-inch lower; with the wider margin from the top, everything will be much more secure. I also checked out the positioning of the clamps on folders that come with them already in place -- they are much farther from the top edge than the Swingline EasyView allows holes to be punched.It's fairly annoying that with all the technical details one can find out about a simple two-hole punch, there are no details about the measurement of the margin. Who would think they'd have to return a hole-punch? It wasn't worth the cost of return shipping. If you're shopping for a two-hole punch, I recommend you check these out in a local store.
Please be aware that this sewing machine is all plastic and it does not perform as it should it's been less than two month and I can't get the machine to saw anything well, I think mine is defective now I don't now what to do or were to return it.
It will not pump the types of grease I have purchased. The zerk fitting was hard to insert, and tore the zerk out of my pump when I tried to remove it. May be able to adjust the zerk fitting pressure. Wish I had bought a better pump. Waste of money. Hope to find some grease I can heat up and pump thru it.
Handle is easy to use, but heart size is so tiny that i had trouble lifting them and adhere them to paper without messing everything up.
This sewing machine is a good value for the price.It sews very well and also the quilting foot that comes with it works excellent. The only trouble I am having is changing the needles because the screw got stuck. The machine is mostly plastic, but for the price you just cannot go wrong. It does not come with the 1/4 foot for patchwork, but if you use #37 on the machine it does come out to be 1/4 from the right side of the foot put against the fabric.
I have this carousel, and I think the design needs some work. The carousel does not come assembled. The screws provided are blunt, not pointed, and it was difficult to get them in the holes (which were covered with a thin layer of plastic.) Once the screws were in, they had a tendancy to simply pull out of the holes if you lifted up on the top of the carousel, so I think they were too small for the job at hand. Once the carousel was filled, it could only be safely lifted from the bottom. The turntable bottom on my unit is different from the one used in the illustrated instructions and it's so low, the bottom rack of containers drags on the table. Overall, it's a great idea, but it's not very sturdy. I may take it apart and reassemble it with thick double sided tape (sadly, I think this would be more stable than the current system). The lids on the soft plastic containers pop on and off, rather than screw on, and it would be easier to find things in them if they were clear, instead of frosted.
When I was shopping for sewing machines, I strongly considered this at first then I went ahead & bought it because I was sold on the fact that it cost $160 plus it came with all sorts of accessories as well as the protective carrying case.I'm sad to report that I've only used this machine for 5 hours & I sent it packing! I may be a beginner but I referred to the user's manual (read & re-read many times) and followed it to the T in addition to going to YouTube to find any tutorial for the same make & model of this item just to make sure that I feed the Bobbin as well as the upper thread correctly. In the beginning, I used a thinner cheese cloth type material & the machine almost ate it a few times. Here's the performance pattern: I would feed the cloth & then it would sew for 3 inches then I'd take it out. When I'd feed it again, it would go a little bit longer...about 5 inches or so. Then once I'd feed it again, it would get stuck & a lot of thread would gather at the back which tells me it'a bobbin issue. I've used the manual bobbin feeder initially so I decided to try the automatic bobbin feeder & see how it turns out. Much to my chagrin, it happened again- my material would get stuck after the 3rd run.So then, I figured I'd give another benefit of the doubt by using a flannel material since I needed to mend my flannel pajamas. This time, it just got stuck in one place & the machine pulled a chunk of material! Luckily, I was able to untangle the whole mess & there was a bunch of thread that gathered in the area! This machine may come with a lot of accessories but what good is it if you can't even use it?Nonetheless, I returned it and with Amazon's great with customer service they issued the full refund for the item. In summary, spend a little more & get the Janome instead which is exactly what I did because this machine is not worth all the hassle & aggravation!
I bought this product for my son's second birthday. Is is easy to use and he has lots of fun with it.
This product blows chunks the size of basketballs. It is not at all intuitive, good luck figuring it out. When I finally did, no button would stay on, if I could get it on in the first place.Unless you want to learn to swear like a sailor in 3 languages, save yourself some grief and pass on this piece of it product.
This is the first sewing machine that I have purchased. I got it for my wife for mothers day. It looks intimidating but is very easy to use after you get past the first looks and start getting your hands dirty. I have looked at others in the stores for the same price but they don't come with a hard case and extra table. For the price and all the extra bonus goodies and the ease of use this brother gets a 5 star
So my daughter received this sewing machine for her 6th birthday from a friend. Right out of the box it did not work. None of the stitches would "catch" underneath to make the chain stitch.I spent some time fully reading the directions and adjusting the tension dial with no luck. I am a technically competent man who knows how to work a sewing machine, so not being able to get this machine to work was very frustrating. I spent way too much time assuming that this machine should just work if I got the tension right!I decided to take the machine apart to get a better idea for how this thing was supposed to work. This is not as difficult of a task as it sounds, for I really only took the under-compartment apart. I first removed the batteries, just to make the job easier and so that I would not stitch myself accidentally. There is one screw on the bottom that is recessed that needs to be removed, and then the entire bottom can be pulled off. Without a bobbin like a regular sewing machine, I figured there had to be something underneath that was not working properly. Bingo! When this unit pushes the needle through the material, it is then supposed to engage a spring loaded hook, which pops up to grab the stitch and holds it for the next time the needle comes down creating the chain effect. My needle was not engaging the body of the spring loaded hook, thus the hook never popped up to grab the next stitch and no chain was made (the directions describe this as a missed stitch and tell you to adjust the tension). The hook assembly is attached with two screws, one acts as a pivot and the other a slide. My hook assembly was pushed all the way to one side on the slide. By loosening the two screws a turn, I rotated the hook assembly on the slide so that the screw was centered in the slot and then tightened everything down. Don't forget to put the flip out storage lid back in place before reattaching the bottom to the unit. After making these adjustment, the machine now works as it should. I think if I spent a bit more time, I could adjust the hook assembly to get the stitches a little tighter, but I am just happy to get the unit working for what was a very sad 6 year old!
I just bought this today, and it doesn't work well for me. I do a lot of leather crafts, and I couldn't even get it to cut a thin piece of leather. The anvil (I'm assuming that's what it is...this circular piece of metal that the punch meets when you squeeze) gets in the way...the punch cuts the top of the leather just fine, but does not cut all the way through to the bottom. If the anvil was out of the way and the punch went through the hole the anvil is attached into, perhaps that would work. I'll be returning this item.
So this was pretty fun but when I decided to put the colors in order of a rainbow (2 papers for each color to make it easier) I found I was missing a couple sheets for one color... some colors had like 5 extra, some had 1 extra, some ran out perfectly... kinda miffed that I ran out of a color of blue but I had plenty extra of the darker blue to help make up for it. Still annoying
Had this machine for a couple years. Worked alright. Loved the button hole options. The problem I had was with the lower tension. All of the correct bobbin placement and cleaning couldn't fix it like so many reviewers. Took it to get repaired and after he messed with it awhile and took it apart and put it back together he told me the lower tension was completely off and it could be fixed but he wanted to charge me more than what I paid for it! I threw it away and bought a better machine without plastic parts.
This product is a great replacement for a very old paper punch that no longer worked. It is easy to use.
I should have paid more attention to the person who said it simply could not handle heavier material like denim. I bought it and, sure enough, it simply cannot handle the seams on simple hemming if the fabric is anything more than lightweight. It skips 10+ stitches after and sometimes before the seam as well. It has to be hand-turned and crammed through (gently) just to get any heavier fabric to pass under the pressure foot, as its highest point is still too low. Even with all that, it skips stitches and sometimes produced a mess-ball of thread underneath. The other reviewer was exactly right; this one is useful for other lightweight sewing, but you need ANOTHER machine to do jeans, etc. I don't have another one, so I am hoping Brother will take this one back. The man at the Brother authorized repair place told me to send it back and get something else; it would never work for my needs. Sadly, it does everything else very well and has nice features.
Just the basic quality. Would not recommend it on your laser printer. Got stuck all the time and it was a nightmare. Stick to buying good quality paper for all your requirements.
I normally like Oxo products, but these fell apart almost immediately and I couldn't figure out how to put them back together. Complete waste of money.
This is dispenser is something great for when you need to tape something and don't want the tape to show
Great knife. This is the second one I have bought. Works great. Best knife in my kitchen. Highly recommend it.
Great price - and arrived quickly. Beads can be a bit hard to snap on, I had to use a pair of pliers at times to press them onto the spokes. Wish there were another half dozen or so in the package as depending on the bike, not all spokes can have a bead - you will run out.My daughters like them and they sure do "fancy up" their wheels!
When I placed the order, I thought I as buying a dog sweater not a book on making sweaters. As far as patterns to make sweaters the book isn't very useful. I will be more careful in the future when I order something online.
I ordered the paintstiks with the intent to use them for quilting art. They are fantastic - so easy to use, and they add great highlights to the fabric I use for quilting art
I badly needed some strong, but ergonomic kitchenscissors, so of course looked at the offeringsby Oxo, Good Grips.These scissors have a myriad of uses, are gentlefor those with problems with their hands/wristssuch as carpal tunnel, arthritis and the like.I wrote a detailed review on this product for theepinions consumer review site where I am a TopReviewer and/or advisor for Home and Garden,Pets, Beauty, Health, Online Sites, Restaurants.Come see this review, and my profile. I'm happy toanswer any questions you might have about the products/services. Thanks.Suz...
I have used this projector and a stand for over two years, using it for pencil composition overlays for paintings. The unit is nicely designed, light weight, and easy to use. The problem with it is the poor optical quality, it must be used in a pitch black room and if you are enlarging a photo, many times the image is so blurry, that it is difficult to determine when it is in focus. It is mainly only good for getting a rough idea of where you are placing objects in the painting, any detail work needs to be drawn by eye. Another problem is the image window size of only 7"x7", which means you may need to project large photos and materials at a smaller size or in pieces, to get them to fit into the small window size. I am now in the process of replacing this opaque projector with a digital projector that can be connected directly to my computer, I feel it is a better use of money to pay a little more and get a more usable piece of equipment.
I bought this product based on the name "Bausch & Lomb", and boy was I disappointed. The thing looks and works more like something one would purchase at "Only a Buck" stores. I was very disappointed in the look,feel,and performance of this product. Just another example of a good name being attached to an inferior product to make a buck.
My Mother-in-law purchased this machine for Christmas and it arrived from Amazon broken. I returned the machine, obviously if it can't handle shipping it isn't worth the money. Amaxon was GREAT about taking it back.
This yarn has a lovely hand, is a smokey demin blue, and the yardage vs price makes this a really good deal.
My mom got me this kit as a Christmas gift. I have wanted to try glass beadmaking for a long time, and this is a good introductory set for those who just want to get their feet wet and don't want to make a large investment. The items included in the set are not very good quality, and the kit does not come with much instructional material. I checked out a few books from the library and took a bead making workshop at a local studio to learn the basics. Since, I have used the kit to make several successful beads. I will definitely be replacing the torch and buying some more glass rods and didymium glasses to protect my eyes. This kit is by no means all-inclusive or great quality. However, for the price, this is a good set for beginners.
Everything works wonderful and looks great it would have been nice to have a slipover cover with it.But the price was good and Shipping Service was Great.I would Recommend it to Everyone,looking for a Good Machine at a Great Price.Thanks Brother,Thanks Amazon.
I dyed a pair of brown jeans dark brown--just wanted to restore color. They were clean with no stains or special finish to fabric. I followed the directions exactly. The dye settled darker in some places than others. Had to discard the jeans. Would not recommend.
The rebate forms clearly state that they cannot be duplicated (i.e. reproductions won't be accepted). Since Amazon's chosen method of giving out the rebate forms is to let you print them yourself, that means you will be sending in a reproduction. I asked Amazon if they had discussed this with the manufacturer, and whether the manufacturer had agreed to accept the reproductions for purchases on Amazon. Amazon never contacted them, even after they received my request for information, and (at least at the time of this writing) they continue to advertise the rebates that will probably not be honored.
This poorly manufactured product, imported from China, is nearly useless. I bought one over a year ago and had to throw it away since the punch and hole weren't properly aligned. Then I took a chance on a second one lately since that's usually the only punch most local stores carry around here. An unfortunate choice: the second punch had the same misalignment problem & couldn't cut a round hole in even one sheet of paper; it cut a partial hole, which got caught in the metal reservoir and caused the paper to rip. Office Depot needs to get a better manufacturer, perhaps in the US!
Very cheap construction. It came already defective - the spring that holds the punch wheel in place was bent and did not work properly. Item returned without use.
Being a Melissa and Doug product i had very high hopes, however these stamps didnt do justice. My daughter has only used them a couple of times and 3 of the stampers have fallen off already. The ink has dried up quickly too. It is a cute little stamp set and lots of fun, great for 3 year olds i just wish they were a bit more durable!
I have a lot of Boye needles, including other size/length circulars and am really frustrated at how stiff the cable is. It is really slowing me down because I'm constantly fighting with it instead of zooming thru the baby blanket I'm making. The needles themselves are great, the joints where the needles meet the cable are smooth and don't snag, but the cable makes the needles nearly unusable. Unfortunately I will be buying a different brand in order to finish the blanket.
Not a six pack...well apparently it's a gambler's pack...you MIGHT get six, you'll probably get one. I got only one and now have to deal with packing this back up and returning it for a refund. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME.
This machine is no work horse. I have used for about a year now and have &#34;tossed&#34; it aside. It is too lightweight to handle any serious sewing. Might be good for a beginner just learning, but it didn't serve my purpose. Probably give it away since my local sewing repair shop says they see a lot of them and don't recommend them.
While the concept is wonderful - who wouldn't love a no baste hand quilting frame - the reality is that this frame is extremely cumbersome. I spent days sanding and staining the pieces. But that was nothing compared to assembling it and moving it from the garage into the house by myself. It is stunningly time consuming to tighten the little screws and all the bolts and knobs, load the backing, batting and quilt top correctly and evenly and it takes up a solid one third of my living room. However, if you make it through all that, it's quite nice for the actual quilting. I'm not sure I'd recommend it to anyone - especially if you live alone and have to manhandle this by yourself ... and I'm not one to back down from a challenge.
They send you 3 boxes of the 64 piece set. You do not get additional colors by ordering the larger set. There is very little thread on cardboard spools. Do not waste your money!
The case is pink - not blue as shown. This was a gift for a guy. I'm still gonna use instead of going through the aggravation of a return.
Nice good looking, sturdy table and easy to put together. My only problem with it is unfinished so I had to put a few coats of polyurethane on it to keep it from being ruined by crayons and markers.
I use this spray on my cricut machine mat to help hold the paper on; It seems to work well, doesn't take much to hold it down well. I am please with it.
While this sewing machine arrived in a extremely prompt 2 days after ordering I was extremely disappointed with it's performance. It was loud, making almost grinding noises when sewing a basic stitch, and didn't seem to sew very smoothly. The knobs to change the stitch settings didn't moving smoothly either. Then when I lowered the feed dog with the handy lever, something inside the machine broke and the feed dog would not go back up. Needless to say I promptly returned this machine. I don't think I would recommend a Singer from here on out. My new machine of a different brand has been incredible!
I have used this product before and was happy with results. I just didn't like the color as much as I thought I would. That's a personal preference not a critique.
There are a number of brands with better paints (Golden, Daniel Smith, for instance)IF you use a lot. But if you paint SMALL or seldom, or if you live near the ocean, you will be better off with Liquitex. Why? The tubes are plastic and do not corrode, and the tops are big and don't crack open. Also, the paints are still good after sitting around for YEARS, whereas many of the other brands of acrylics DRY UP even in a tightly sealed tube. I've seen it happen over and over. Luckily, Liquitex is also cheaper, and I've found no problem mixing it with other brands if you have any, and you WILL want others since some fancier colors are otherwise unavailable. Get the best quality Liquitex has to offer, and it will do the job.
Was very happy with these self stick easel pads. They seem to hold up very well (as expected from 3M) and didn't leave any marks on the walls.Additionally the sharpie color markers did not bleed through the paper. I would still be a little nervous writing on this with a marker unless the paper is on the bad in case there was any bleed to the wall (which is why i gave it 4/5)the only other complaint I have is that the &#34;pad&#34; doesn't stand up without flexing without an easel. I wish (for storage) it could sit up in a portrait and the cardboard backing was strong enough (think enough) to prevent the flex. This is a very very minor issue and just causes an issue while traveling.Another feature I'd like to see is some sort of larger rubber band to prevent the pages from flopping around in the wind, it would be cents to include a clip or rubber band with the pad, something I had to scrounge around to find when we were using this outside with an easel.would recommend to anyone looking for this type of product. Assuming you are buying for business, spend your money on the 3M product instead of getting a generic.
The Swingline 12 hole does a good job but the number of sheets is too low and is a bit awkward to use. The next higher model does 20 sheets and can be stored more compactly.
Excellent service & quick delivery. Was just what I was looking for to store and organize our family photos that have been sitting in a box for years.
I bought this for my 8 year old sisters birthday and she is an artsy kind of girl. Well she took it home two days after I received it and opened it to use it and the pads of ink were dried. I was surprised since the company is Melissa and Doug usually great products but this time I am not too satisfied.
Our children have a craft area to draw and create &#34;master pieces&#34;. This was a welcome addition to their artist repertoire.
Product has not been as handy as I had hoped it would be. Instructions are merely a picture. I don't know how to keep it from popping off the shuttle occationaly, as the thread catches it. It does make it easier to hold the shuttle....if you can keep it on the shuttle. It is in the path of the quick moving thread and catches sometimes. My skills in this area are developing, so it could be my coordination is not the best.Novice tatter
I bought this item for myself. I am not a beginner sewer although i am no expert. This item was reasonably priced and had a large variety of items. I liked that the kit contained so many colors all together. You never know when you need a random thread color. The case is poorly constructed and made of cheap material. If you are not careful and open/close it in just the right way everything spills out. I basically am using this to store items that i rarely use but do need on occasions. Everything is packed well and it's easy to store.
I actually needed this for some home repairs (usually I let the females handle all my sewing needs) however sometimes those females can be busy so I guess I had to get into this home sewing thing (just emergency manual hand repairs) and this kit is a decent though not perfect start.For the cost I think it's worthwhile,no big ticket item here,no big complaints but the hinged plastic case is pretty cheap (poor quality) and could get broken easily though (won't last long).Like it says on the label includes 12 spools of 35 yards length Polyester Thread,Sewing Needles (actually just two of them),Threader,Thimble (pretty (very) cheap (plastic) on this) and a crude (foam) Pin Cushion (No tape measure nor handy scissors though are included).The spools come in various useful and more common colors and nicely there are a pair of white thread spools and a pair of black thread spools.The other thread colors cover a decent array for clothing repairs.I would say on the plus side quite a lot of varied thread.It would have been nice (much better) though to include one spool of white nylon (strong) thread in this kit but I purchased a nylon thread spool separately for use in situations that require good tensile strength and durability.It's really just an emergency kit and most people who need more will get more needles,a better larger pin cushion,a real metal thimble,a better sewing case and more and varied colors,larger spools and other material types of threads for varied needs.For the cost it's fair I guess though it would be better if it came in a much nicer metal case that isn't easily broken as this plastic case kinda sucks (Top transparent part easily separates from bottom black plastic part of case because of very poor cheap hinges).So If I were asked how this product could be much better and improved again a metal hinged durable latching case (kind of like a bigger form of a metal cigarette case) and perhaps a metal thimble and maybe 3 more sewing needles (5 total) and substitute one spool of nylon thread instead.I can forgive the cheap pin cushion as it's workable.I would add a tape measure though as an additional improvement and some useful short scissors too. Those improvements would be costlier however even if the product cost more with such improvements I'd be willing to pay say $7 more or so for a more attractive improved product/emergency and/or travel small sewing repair kit.This is an O.K. buy, missing some items and could be better in some areas.If you purchase this it will probably come in handy and you will likely easily get your money out of it with a needed repair.It says made in China although I've seen Chinese products that were of much higher quality and better features.
I haven't used alot of the features yet but this seems to be a pretty good machine for the price. I really like the drop in bobbin. I was glad to see it has an automatic needle threader but I'm having trouble getting that to work.
The color palette is great, however the fine tip is not quite as fine as I was expecting and the ink tends to bleed out of the paper -- this was a bummer as I purchased these to make signs, and it is difficult to do intricate lettering and styling with the smaller point
My 3-year-old loved this chair when he got it for his birthday but so did his older brothers. The internals are constructed of plywood and a soft pine, so it just didn't hold up in a household with four boys.Overall, it looks very nice, but the construction and materials are shabby for the price.
The Buttoneer worked to attach small plastic rings to fabric but after 50 rings were attached the tool stopped working. Every fastener was fastened at only one side. The Buttoneer is very lightweight and doesn't feel like a quality tool. I purchased 300 refills so overall this was a waste of money and time.
I have multiple pairs of these scissors in my house. I like them, they last for years unlike the cheaper scissors. My right-handed child has no problem. They keep their edge, he can cut paper and foam with them.These are useless for the left-handed child. I thought my daughter could sue these, they say they are ambidextrous on the package, but as many have said, this is an impossibility with scissors. She would cut jagged lines in everything. This lead to her getting very frustrated. You can't find left-handed scissors in any local Brick-and-mortar stores it seems. Don't buy these for your left -handers. Fiskars makes a great pair of left handed scissors that is sold here on Amazon, that have all the benefits of these scissors.
I bought this little machine because I have always wanted to create personalized gift for friends and family using my home-sewn products. It does a great job, though project size is limited. However, for the price, I was impressed. I may upgrade in a year or two, but for now, this machine is earning its keep. So easy to use!!
This gun is a total disappointment. I expected more out of Dremel. I was wrong.This glue gun drips and wastes glue MORE than the cheap $5 one we were hoping to replace.
It arrived thoroughly warped. I'm still able to use it as a cutting mat on the flatt-ish parts, but the majority of the mat doesn't lie flat unless I press it down, which makes it difficult to get fabric to lie flat and ensure everything is squared up along the mat's grid lines. I read one review that a lamp's heat plus books could make it lie flat, but another said that only a little heat created more warping. Not sure how to fix it.
This would not work with my computer. Windows 7. You are supposed to be able to download an update from Brother's website but that didn't work either. No help from Brother' website available. I can't see where this would be of any use to anyone really. Have purchased embroidery cards that work fine and other software but see no use for this item. Of course Amazon is great and I was able to return it for a refund, which is why I love Amazon. Best place to buy anything. Amazon 5 stars but this software not worth buying.
I was going to purchase a standard rocking chair for my grandson. He is 2 years old. My son looked at your web site and thought I should buy this chair instead, I did. My grandson loves this chair. He sits in it alot and always watches TV and Thomas the Train videos sitting in his chair. We haven't had it long enough to know if the fabric holds up on the chair. Right now my review would have to be that it is definetly worth the price.
I ordered this book from 3 different vendors.the first sent me the wrong title, the second cancelled the order without informing me,the third informs me that the isbn code is wrong for this book, it does not match this title.If this book is not available it needs to be removed from Amazon.I really wanted the book and have been very frustrated. Faith Stone
The item descripiton is very misleading. They want you to think you get 54 different colored pencils but what you really get is just one set of colors in 9 groups. Had I know this I would of never ordered. Way over priced for what you get. The packaging is very cheap and won't be any good to store the pencils in. Save your money go to Wal-Mart and buy there you get more colors at a much lower price!!!!
Great Product for home and professional, like it a lot. Different MM size holes option makes it more useful and practical
They did take a while to arrive with no tracking number but its a good deal. Note: if your buying these to make broad heads there is no line to snap the blade apart, you will have to use them as is or cut them with a rotary tool
Not the quality I was expecting. Product was flimsy and a not the best quality. Definitely would not recommend this item
The buddha board was given to me as a gift from a good friend.At first I wasn't too sure what to do with it. But then I realized it was a great way to practice my Calligraphy.Please check out my blog to see pictures of my work: [...]I hope that with practice my calligraphy can get as good as my mom's.
I like the sewing machine with all the different settings. Since I got it a few months ago, I have already made 3 bags/purses. They turned out really nice. I like the fact that it adjusted so well to the thinkness of the materials. My only complaint is where the lever for the foot is. It would be more convenient if you were able to lift it either from the front or back not under the arm.
i have three of these machines in different sizes of course, and they are really great especially with crafts such as card, and invitation making.
I purchased the Roll Crop XXL Tote for my daughter who is a traveling nurse and an outstanding artist of several interests. She loved it and was able to put all of her assessories in one place and work out of the Crop Tote. I highly recomend it for home use as well as attending craft classes.
The picture is deceiving. I thought I was ordering the snap setting tool with a set of white snaps. I have snaps, but I had misplaced my snap setter. This is my go to product for snaps. Amazon was the only source I could find with expedited shipping. I do not fault The Snap Source, I fault Amazon. They are the ones who posted the incorrect picture on thzeir website. Now to see if they will make it right.
I purchased this sewing machine based on the price and positive reviews. I had very little sewing experience so I needded something that wouldn't make it frustrating. This was a good machine to start with as it has the basic stitching functions that you will use when starting out. The instructions booklet was also very good and was my constant companion when I first started. I was surprised at how many accessories came with it and I couldn't imagine it being any easier to thread a machine. Each step is numbered with directional arrows so even if you didn't have instructions you could do it. I would highly recommend this machine if you are a beginner. It easy to use and doesn't take each much space at all.
I received this machine as a birthday present. The first night I tried it, the power and light would turn on and off at random intervals until I could not turn it back on. I returned it to Target where I was given half of the machine's retail price because I did not have a receipt! (Did I mention this was a gift?) I purchased a Singer 8280 and I am very excited about it. Don't waste your time or money on this machine, the frustration is not worth it!
I bought this machine two years ago. At the time, it was $800 (no, I didn't buy it from Amazon).I have never been able to use the embroidery feature. Set-up is VERY involved. Once set up, I was unable to figure out how to download the design into the machine, so that feature is a bust.As far as sewing, I like the one step buttonhole foot. I DON'T like that the needle down feature has to be tapped every time you stop the machine, so that feature is a bust.The zig-zag feature is not adjustable. I am forced to sew with a wide zig-zag.I use the machine for general sewing, but I really don't like it.
I ordered this pad thinking it has 400 pages but only has 24 pages. The number of sheets is not mentioned anywhere in the product description.
This is awesome! I needed the invisible zipper foot for my super-duper Bernina 830. I happened upon the adapter foot that would enable me to buy snap on feet. What a price saver! The invisible zipper snap on foot is a welcomed item in my ever-growing stash of gadgets.
So I didn't buy it. The price of the practice pad is very reasonable, but when the cost to ship less than a 1 lb.-item exceeds the price of the item itself, I'm looking elsewhere.
I was surprised about the quality of this case. We received it and opened it up only to find that it was cracked. We plan on requesting a new one but I worry about how the plastic will hold up over time if it can be so easily cracked during shipment.
I bought this to go with my sister's rotary cutter. She wanted some different size blade and this came with five. She uses them all the time cutting her fabric and loves them.
I recently bought this sewing machine. Love it! It does what I need it to. Nice smooth sewing with the right speed. I love the sewing arm, it keeps your project from bunching up and from having to readjust. It has just the right amount of stitches available for your standard projects. Some day I would love a sewing machine with more stiches for an advanced sewer. For the price you can't get a better one. The only problem I have had is that it gets fussy when you are sewing through something thick, but I probably need to change the sewing needle to match my project. I have had this sewing machine for 6 months now and I have had no problems.
I've tried several different gadgets for making freestyle Christmas tree bows, but found this one to be the most accurate and consistent for size of finished product. Finding the replacement ties a little tricky, since the item was not at the local Michael's or other craft stores. I found them at [...] special order. The overall product design is good, but should have been made a bit sturdier. Looks like it is a bit delicate.
Bought two of the sets of this item. When you cannot put the parts together, or they fail to stay together under normal book weight, do not plan on returning them. They arrive in plastic bound wiring and it is impossible to fit them back together in a box. I threw mine away, for that reason, but mainly because they were unwieldy when moved, and impossible to keep together.
Measurements for packing are deceptive. Entire package is CLOSE to the listed measurements but includes a large portion of the packing that has NO PRODUCT. I ordered 5 bags and could not believe the SMALL amount of wool roving I received. I would not order this product again.
I bought 4 boxes of this stuff, and only got 1 to work out of them all. With two of the boxes I followed the instructions exactly, and the mix turned into a fast drying clumpy mess. With the other two I decided to try different powder-water ratios and got one of them to work with a 2-1 ratio.Complete garbage, I will never use their product again.
crap it i bought one for my little girls it did not even last a year it fell a part the chairs broke so fast and the screw under table keep falling out.
ive never actually owned a dress form before, i made one out of duct tape once :). The form is nice because of its flexilbility as far as measurements and the fabric that covers it kind of grips the fabric. i like it, i would definitely recommend it.
I was worried because I saw a lot of reviews claiming the dress form was hard to assemble, I'm not the brightest crayon in the box when it comes to that stuff, but it was actually very easy to put together. The only thing is thats it's a bit flimsy, however, if you're careful it shouldn't be a problem. It arrived at my house VERY quickly, I was very impressed because it was free shipping. I was also glad to save over $100 vs. buying it from a fabric store... I am looking forward to purchasing the Large one as well
The pliers are fine, except they are not round nose. The label taped to the package indicated round, but they are chain nose. For the postage and handling, not worth returning. Oh well.
I purchased this when I bought my serger. It's helpful but doesn't answer all my questions. I still have to refer to my serger manual. For someone that doesn't know anything about sergers, it does have a lot of information.
I've had my machine for less than a month, so do not yet have extensive experience with it. However, I have found it to be super-easy to use and I like it a lot so far. For the price, it certainly seems to be a good machine. A couple small criticisms: the light could definitely be brighter--and unless I leave a lot of thread through the needle, it tends to come unthreaded.
I liked the idea to keep the bobbin with the thread, but these were to large for my bobbins, I have a Bernina & Brother & couldn't use them for either one.
Frustrating! I only got one canvas when the order came. I called Amazon and they had me return it and reorder. I reordered while on the phone and he placed a note with the order to make sure I got six. I got the package the next day and again had only one canvas. I called Amazon again. The rep called the warehouse to see what was going on. Evidently someone was opening the six packs because they thought they were for individual sale. They are supposed to be correcting the problem. I did not reorder.. He said it might take a couple of days for them to get it repackaged into packs of six.
This is a pretty good little product. It comes all in Japanese, but it's pretty simple to figure out even if you don't know the language. The kit comes with 1020 sheets of paper, string, and beads. All you need to do is fold the paper and provide the needle to sew them together.My only gripe (and for me, it's a big one) is that some of the sheets in my kit weren't perfect squares. They weren't majorly off, to be fair, but every little bit counts when you're a perfectionist about the stuff.I recommend this product- with the stipulation that you don't mind the squares not being perfect squares.
Fiance was gonna use this for her shirt after our wedding. After the transfer, quite a few of the stones didn't stay and had to be glued on with fabric glue. She got a little glue on the shirt, tried to scratch it off, and made a small hole in the shirt. The shirt ended up in the trash. Wasn't a good day for the already stressed soon to be bride. Anyway, be prepared to glue some of the stones on if you buy this. At least it was relatively cheap...
I have not started my scarf yet, but the yarn is alot thinner than pictured. I'm sure the scarf will not be very heavy. The color is pretty. I planned to make scarves for the family to wear with their coats, but they will probably be more for wearing inside with a sweater or blouse.
I received this as a gift after seeing it in a craft store. Of course, had I opened it and looked at it, I would never have suggested it as a gift. Aside from the obvious cheapness of EVERYTHING in the kit (including the thread, which is a fuzzy low quality), there is no way to open the thing without the thread spilling out. I assumed something with Singer's name on it would be good quality. I was wrong. Any beginning seamstress, child or adult, would be far better off buying a couple small plastic storage bins and supplying their own basic thread colors, needles, etc.
I bought this dress form and wish that I had saved up for a better product. I found that I ended up making so many padding alterations to the form that I just wished I had bought one made for me. I am basically built straight up and down, no hips. There is just no way to adjust for that without padding and duct taping. Your millage may vary.
This was an easy stocking to complete. The hardest part was embroidering the beard after appliqu&eacute;ing it to create a quilted look. I have done a few stocking kits by Dimensions/Felt Works and find they are easier then stocking kits by Bucilla; they have less pieces and the directions are step-by-step pictures well Bucilla's are written step-by-step without the pictures. If you have never done stocking from a kit before, this kit would be a great first try.
The Alex craft kits are great, and my daughter and I had fun creating these little animals together. My only issue is that the kits didn't have individual instructions, the previous Alex kits I've bought had each animal/project seperated out with instructions. So if you want more creative oppertunities this is great. But for my daughter who is just at the age range, she was kind of overwhelmed at all the buttons, stickers, and paper machet that wasn't set for any specific design.
The marks don't really last, I would not use them for marking detailed designs or for anything that you need the markings to last for any length of time. On red fabric none of the colors showed up real well. I do think for smaller projects and markings that aren't needed to be exact they would suffice.
I bought this for painting high detail gaming mini figures. Many game shops sell this same item for $30 but this ended up being about $7.00 here on Amazon. It can be fairly difficult to get it to balance right so it doesn't tip over. I ended up securing it to a piece of tile to create more stability. Make sure you have some sort of lubricant on hand too... all of the parts are rather stiff and wont move until oiled.
This thing is great! It was a little unweildy at first, but using a rule to keep a straight edge helped quite a bit. I used this to perforate little response post cards for our wedding invitations and every loved the idea. Well worth the money
This calligraphy kit is very nice, and works very well on invitations and other fancy things.However, some of the colors are a little light, and so you cannot see it on the paper. Overall, this calligraphy kit is great for many uses and deserves four stars.
It's an okay glue stick. The size is perfect for my mini glue gun and it melts fast and dries fast too. However, it peels off really easily. But that happens with most hot melt glue sticks so... I guess I'll give this an average rating.
The picture of this roll of Art Kraft Paper was different than what I received. I was expecting a brighter, lighter green. We already have 6 rolls of the color we received. This paper does us no good!
This product was not what I thought I was ordering. It was such a small purchase it wasn't cost effective to return it. I thought I was ordering a large blade and the one I received was about 1" in diameter which did not fit my cutter. The description did not mention dimensions and I was going on my search criterion.
It was clear to me in the description that the package contains six sets of nine colors - not 54 different colors. I am a teacher and I need to replace colored pencils each year. My students use red, blue, green and yellow the most. Over the years, I've amassed extra brown, black and white. I am frustrated that Crayola no longer makes "custom boxes" and you can't order just single colors (although you can get custom crayon boxes). I have to buy sets, and inevitably, I end up with even more browns, blacks, and whites. The Trayola set is the best way I've found to buy the colors I need more efficiently. I don't appreciate how it is priced higher: $25 list price for 54 pencils compared to $13 list price for a 50-pencil full spectrum set. [Amazon, as of Austust 2012, sells these sets for abvout $10 and $8, respectively.] If someone at Crayola is reading this by chance, please make it possible to special order single colors.
I bought this glue gun based on the reviews and product information. Price was ok. I used it 2 times and on the third use, itdid not heat up for at least 5 min. When it finally did heat up it did not feed properly and back flowed glueinside the mechanism. I took the gun apart and cleaned it out and on the next try it gummed up again. Don't by this unit.
****These are your basic large safety pins and come in a package of 65. I always found myself buying assortments of safety pins and using up all of the large ones first, so these solve a problem for me. These safety pins are all the same size, called a "Size 3" as far as safety pin sizes go, but actually are two inches or 5.1 centimeters long. They are nickel-plated, not fancy, but do the job just fine. Save yourself a lot of time hunting these down in stores by buying them here on Amazon! They seem sharp enough for the uses I have for them; however, I don't think they would be good for any extra fine work, as they are just general-usage quality.Recommended.****
These are nicely made. Work well. A lot more affordable than buying each size as needed. Have enjoyed using them.
It's chalk. It draws on anything and is visible on everything that I sewed. It is also brittle. Instead of ordering this I again at this cost I will probably just stick the spare chalkboard chalk lying around, after sharpening it on a belt sander.
more like plastic. Disappointed. They cannot really cut. Maybe for a two year old. But not for kindergarten or first grade.
I regret getting these pens - the ink from the cartridges take LONG to get to the NIBS which is why I would say I regret getting these pens.. I mean the seller for me was the fact that there were so many size nibs and the cartridges given were of different colours..but other than that i was fooled - yet by another product on AMAZON.. & I am a regular AMAZON shopper - this is the third so far - of products I got on this site that was not up to MARK...
My wife had been struggling with an old clunker and I got tired of watching her fighting the machine more than she was sewing. She also doesn't like all the gadgets on those computerized models so I went with this and I'm glad I did.It's NOT for sewing through heavy material and even though it does do some neat stitches I found she doesn't need them, she does basic sewing.She still gets frustrated but not nearly as much and the machine is much quieter, lighter, and easier to use than her old one. Now she can actually sew more than fight a machine which is why I purchased it.
My todder & I both love his table set. It is designed for slightly older kids but I didn't want to buy a table set only to replace it within the year. The quality is wonderful & I expect it will hold up for many years of hard play. The only issue I have is my son is at the climbing stage & the table is a bit easier to tip than I would like but for the ages it is described for it's perfect!
I need to let people know a few things about this item that are not in the description.(1) It does not have "big lenses." The lenses are not quite 7/8" in diameter.(2) The lenses are apparently plastic or acrylic.(3) Each lens has the same magnification (perhaps 5X).(4) Method for use. To get 10X magnification, you put two lenses together and look through both simultaneously. Since diopters are additive, you get twice the magnification. To get 15X, you look through all three lenses. But, putting these three lenses in series makes for a very cloudy image, even after carefully cleaning them.These points should have been stated. When I bought it, I thought each lens had a different magnification (5, 10, and 15). Glass would have been clear.
It is rare that I write a review. I do read and appreciate other reviews though. That is why I felt it is important to leave one about this paper.In terms of quality - it does do nice print outs. In terms of printing with it - it is a nightmare!I am using an Epson R1900. It is almost impossible to feed this paper in the manual paper feeder in a way, that is accepted by the printer. I would say at least 9 out of 10 times, does this paper not feed into the paper feeder correctly. Anybody who has to work efficiently and whose time is valuable cannot afford to buy an expensive paper and then spend hours trying to get a few prints done.I would never, ever buy this paper again. I am really angry to have spend my money on an epson paper to use with my epson printer and then not be able to easily print.If you own an R1900 do not buy this paper!
I am fairly satisfied with this model of Brother Sewing machine. My most disturbing problem with the LS2125I 10 Stitch is that the thread frequently breaks while sewing and there isn't a guide wire on the needle holder. I guess I just got what I paid for.
My goal in buying this product was to use it on previously bought Nike ACG F.I.T. pullover jacket, and to avoid buying an expensive waterproof top prior to a planned, and now completed, bushwalking trip. After coating my Nike top per the Nikwax instructions on the bottle, and after taking a city walk through rain prior to my hiking venture, I found that some initial Nikwax waterproofing aspects existed but faded very quickly in the face of more & more rain. My Nike top was wet (back to its previous norm) after a couple hours of light passing rain showers. The Nikwax claim on the bottle is that it provides "waterproofing for all textile garments and equipment". In my book, this is untrue. Less than one hour of waterproofing doesn't count. Thanks to the city rain test failure, I did make a tough call to spend $200 on a waterproof jacket prior to bushwalking ... well worth the money given the very wet conditions on the trail. The money I wasted on the Nikwax product could have been better used on something else. Recommendation: Do Not Buy.
The cutting mechanism is not properly aligned to begin with, so that the hole does not punch properly. Beyond this, the metal in the tool itself is not very strong, so if you press too hard you will bend it, rendering it completely useless.
Works very well, reliable and durable. have been using it for about a year excellent. Would recommend this to others.
I bought three of these sets as Christmas gifts and when my kids tried to use them, the ink in all three was completely dried out. Most barely left a stamp mark; some left nothing. I even tried to moisten them with a little water, but no luck. Waste of money!
The product wasn't what I expected. There is hardly enough thread on the bobbins, but what can you expect these days. The best thing, I really got them quickly.
I have at least 5 pairs of Gingher sissors and was happy with them so I purchased Gingher pinking shears. They are 7 1/2" pinking shears and the number is G-7P. They came in a nice faux, red velvet-lined, metal Gingher box and I paid a good price for them. I wanted the best quality I could get. I have kept these sissors in their container unless I was using them. I have found them very uncomfortable to use, very heavy and very difficult to use also. They do a very poor job cutting thin organdy or organza fabrics or any fabric, for that matter. I wrote to the company, because I have rarely used these sissors and felt something must be wrong with them. They company did not even answer my letter.I will never buy another pair of Gingher sissors and I am now searching for the best quality pinking shears I can find. I hope someone out there makes a pair that is as easy to use as my Mother's were and that they do not weigh a "ton" in the bargain. My sissors look just like the ones pictured on Amazon. Good Luck to All and Happy Sewing! Pauline Eikel
I have this kind of dress form for almost 10 years, I very like it that I can adjust to different size, but the adjustment that dail to the different size are broken, because it made from very cheap plastic. One time I try to call to order the parts, they send me the form and I send the order with my check, that what they offered. I never heard from them untill now. Bad customer service.
I purchased a roll of this tape five or six months ago to "hem" two pairs of cheap polyester dress pants for work, and I was fairly impressed at how well it worked for me.I can't speak for anyone else's experiences, but I've worn a pair of pants hemmed with this tape to work every day for five or more months now, and the adhesive still hasn't loosened or come unstuck. So for my purposes, this stuff is great.Here are a few things to keep in mind though:1. I haven't tried the tape with anything other than polyester, so I can't speak to its effectiveness with other fabrics.2. I don't do "heavy duty" work. It's office work with approximately 1.5 hours of brisk walking each day.3. Instead of "washing" the pants, I used one of those home dry cleaning kits and then tumble dried them on medium heat for 30 minutes.But overall, I'm satisfied with the way this tape performs, and I'd buy it again.
I bought for my brother Hinged Nickel Plated Double Lock Handcuffs it. But it did not work! The defect Condi. Do not recommend the purchase of
My initial impressions... this paper FEELS so good in your hands! The paper is almost twice as thick as Epson's Ultra Premium Luster photo paper (another super excellent Epson paper!). Heavy and substantial! I got it to use on my Epson Stylus Pro 3880 printer. It's an excellent paper for printing photos of fine art.. and "Old World" photography. I used it the other day to print a photo that was perfect for the Watercolor filter in Photoshop CS5. It works very well whenever using "Watercolor" type filters in Photoshop and other editing programs. However it CAN be used in other situations, depending on your image. It is a SUPERB paper! For exhibition quality B & W prints, try Epson's Exhibition glossy paper. NOTE: This paper was designed to be used in Epson's professional printers and a few of the wide format prosumer printers. Not for their basic consumer printers or all-in-ones where it will actually jam your printer badly!! Verify in your printer manual that this paper can be used with your printer.If your printer cannot be loaded with a matte black cartridge, you probably have a printer that is incompatable with this paper.
I just got the Knifty Knitter Straw loom. First of all I want to thank the people who made the instructions book. Is soo easy to understand and it comes in several languages! :) Great guys!This is amazing for an afternoon project for kids above 5 years old.So, if you are trying to introduce your kid to the knitting crafts Its better to start with this one than with the regular loom.The only thing that I thought was a little bit difficult was to open for the first time the holder of the straws.But I think its a very good product for begginers.
The scissors themselves are great. I ordered 2 pair. I am disappointed that I was not able to choose a color. I ordered 2 pair for my 2 boys. I know that there are "no boy colors" however, I am not willing to send my 7 year old boy to school with hot pink scissors. I am happy to do my part in getting rid of gender typing, etc. I don't think that my children have to be saddled with that job in elementary school. Please let us choose our own colors!
I found this in a search for "bushed silver 8x10 picture frame." It is a very nice frame, but it is shiny silver.Also, it is only set up as a table top frame. There is no hook for hanging on the wall.
These are great for making necklaces longer but they are thick and really doesn't look right with finer chains that I have.
These guys must have laughed hysterically when they decided to call this paper Heavyweight... or even White for that matter, and just for fun, made up the word Duo-Finish.First off, the paper itself was wavy and completely uneven, almost like it had been exposed to moisture or humidity. It was not smooth at all, is an icky, off white color, and both sides were equally crappy. It's as thin as cut-rate copy machine paper. Unlike the photo, it does not come on any kind of core, and the center is wound so tight you can't slide it onto any kind of rod to use as 'roll' paper unless you spend a half hour to hand loosen it. Even if you bother, it will end up sagging on whatever hanger rod you put it on instead of sit in a clean roll, making it very awkward to use.You can completely forget trying to use it as cheapo photography background paper, and is so crappy looking, will show in anything but the most blurred backgrounds. I can't imagine it's much good for anything EXCEPT letting a child scribble with crayons on it. It's basically going to end up as wadding for shipping/package filler.Seriously, pass this junk right on by and purchase a decent brand...It's pathetic.;(..
These came up when searching for X-Acto knives. In fact, you'll find that this set mimics a nearly-identical 16pc X-Acto boxed set. So close is it, in fact, that I didn't notice this wasn't X-Acto brand. When I received the item, I was disappointed. First of all, the plastic box is of TERRIBLE quality. The latch doesn't latch and in fact fell off after about 15 seconds of trying to get it to latch. The magnet in the lid is weak enough that the blades fall off if you set the box down to roughly. The knives themselves are extremely lightweight and feel cheap. They're also not quite long enough and not quite thick enough. All of this added up to me being vaguely dissatisfied with the set until someone handed me a real X-Acto brand #1 knife. Feeling the real thing, suddenly I could articulate all the things that I didn't like about this set. This set just feels cheap and isn't very comfortable to work with.It got worse when it came time to change blades. The readily-available store-bought blades are, of course, X-Acto brand. The blades in this kit look almost exactly, but not quite, like real X-Acto blades. The shapes are all slightly different (an in my opinion not quite as useful) but the problem comes when you try to install an X-acto brand blade into one of the handles from this kit. The blade almost, but doesn't quite, fit. This results in having to stab something (like the plastic box, therapeutic by this point) to drive the blade up into the knife. I'm sure I would have had to use pliers to extract the blade, had I not consigned this entire kit to the back of the junk drawer.I replaced this kit with an X-acto #1 and #2 and I'm MUCH happier with them even though they each cost more than this entire kit.
This form is the worst piece of junk out there! There are so many things wrong with it, I don't know where to start...First... the stand. The stand is cheap plastic that reminds you of a fake Christmas tree stand (even puts together like one) - except this one does not work as good. It is no where near wide enough, making the form top heavy. This means the form can be knocked over very easy. If you turn the form in any way, it will sink about 2 inches making your fine tuned height adjustments useless.Next up are the adjustment knobs. They are very hard to turn (and as you turn them they sounds like an old cheap screen door spring creaking and groaning), and once you do finally get them dialed in, be sure to CHECK your measurements!! We found the form to be off by an inch or more in some places. You also cannot press at all on the sides of this form or the knobs will give-way snapping back into default position. This means you should give up ANY hope of using this form for corset making.The form... The form itself is made of hard molded plastic covered in a very thin layer of felt. Aside from making pinning incredibly hard, (if not impossible) the felt can also tear if you are not very careful.I expected quality from a company that "used to" produced some of the best sewing machines out there. I guess I was wrong. Singer will not get any more of my business as they seem to be more concerned with making cheap products instead of quality ones. Do yourself a favor and just pass on this sorry excuse for a product, there are much better forms out there - check out Uniquely You dress forms, you will NOT be disappointed.
My girlfriend chose this sewing machine out, and she's very happy with it. However, it stopped feeding the fabric in forward (forgive me for not knowing the name of the parts) after a couple of months. It works fine in reverse, so the only way she could sew was backwards. I contacted Amazon and they immediately sent out a replacement free of charge. Hopefully we just got a lemon and the next one will work. Props to Amazon for fantastic customer service!
THE DISCRIPTION BELOW DESCRIBES A FLEXMASTER GUN BUT YOU RECIEVE THE POINTS BUT THE PICTURE SHOWS A GUN BUT DESCIBES THE POINTS
I love these scissors! I am cutting a very large flannel rag quilt and these are so much easier on my hands; no more aching joints from cutting. They also cut through more layers of fabric than my old one.
I'm impulsive. And yesterday I decided to pick up sewing.Now, I wouldn't even qualify as high up as a "beginner" - yesterday morning I didn't know what a sewing pedal or bobbin was for - I had never touched a sewing machine in my life. The most I had done was hand-sew buttons or hems or small rips. Seriously.But I got this crazy idea that I wanted to start "real" sewing. So I looked at some reviews on Amazon, and then bought the CS6000t at Walmart, along with thread, some fabric, a pack of buttons, and a couple of easy-to-sew patterns. I read parts of the CS6000t manual, but not the whole thing. Last night - that is, the same day I impulsively bought this machine - I completed a simple fleece jacket (which required going through 4 layers of thick fleece at times) for my mom. It's actually wearable and looks store bought.Many (most) people reading this review are not beginners - though perhaps some of you are. Either way, if I could figure out how to set this machine up - including getting the bobbin in, threading the needle, picking my stiches, etc ... then anyone can.This machine talks of the easy bobbin. I guess other machines are more complicated. But I just followed the instructions - put the empty bobbin on one stick, and the thread on another. Start the thread, then pedal until the bobbin is full. Then open a cover on the bottonm, drop in the bobbin, and you're done. No bottom threading is required (though, of course I have no idea what bottom threading would entail, and whether it's a pain).I've already played with about 30 of the 101 stitches. I haven't tried to change the foot as is required to try out the other stitches. But the stitches of the ones I've tried - some of them have seemed really intricate and complicated. I don't know what the seriously expensive machines can do, but it sure seems like this machine can do anything.In sum - a total non-sewer got this machine set up, used many of the stitches, and completed a project without any problems, and without encountering a single error beyond a beep telling me that I had to put the foot down before stitching.Yay for this machine! If only there was a comparable machine to clean my house.
If you have a Paasche with a plastic handle...I got this for my VL...this is a really nice addition. Spend the 7 bucks and get it.
The price is nice, but, unfortunately, I am learning that you get what you pay for when it comes to sewing machines.I had heard that Brother machines are decent quality, and as a beginner, I didn't want to spend multiple hundreds of dollars. However, this machine was frustrating right off the bat. There are quite a few good reviews (which is why I gave it a shot), so perhaps I just got a lemon. However, I found that the bobbin mechanism kept jamming up, and the machine continually lost tension. After reading the reviews on some of the other Brother machines, it does seem like a wonky bobbin mechanism may be a common issue for the brand.Also, something to note - I've learned that it is generally a bad sign if the reviews of a product include pointers on how to get around the thing's quirks. Ahem.I ended up having to call the Brother service center on the very first day I used it. I feel the need to note that I spent about 17 minutes on hold, give or take, before I reached a live person in the sewing machine department - something potential buyers may want to be aware of when purchasing a Brother machine. (Customer service and a quick response time are a big deal when you are smack in the middle of a halted project.) The service guy was very nice, however, and advised me to clean out the bobbin area and see if that helped. If not, then I would need to have it serviced. It was better after a dusting, but I found that the problem recurred the next time I tried to use the machine. Given that potential service or repairs on it are likely to cost as much (or more) as the machine itself, I chose to return it and purchase a different machine.If cost is an issue, you could give it a try and hope you get a good one. Otherwise, it may be worth it in the long run to go with a higher-priced machine. I ended up with a Janome 7318 - definitely a higher price tag, but also a higher quality product. Several weeks later, I have yet to encounter a problem with the Janome.
Wooden beads, elastic cord holding them together. Fast shipping.
i used to buy the tlc yarn with the kitten on it from rag shop. it was real soft. this stuff was rough like rh super saver. it cost a lot. i can get rh for $2. i had to pay shipping. i can get better buy from [...] or [...]
I guess I was disappointed by the small size of paints. This product won't last very long if you're in the facepainting business.
Excellent product. I travel as an Applications consultants and do system assessments for software. This product allows me to take notes and display them while having the presentation on my laptop. They cling to almost any surface and use the wet wipe markers to allow instant editing. At the end of the day and am able to roll them up and take them back to the hotel or to the office and use them for my write up of the session.They are pricey buy are reusable.
I am expanding my business to include picture framing in about two months, and pretty much found this is the staple in the industry. IOW, you will not find a custom framing shop without this tool! This is supposedly a tool that can be handed down to your grandchildren. I ordered an earlier version off of eBay, which I ended up selling due to some surface rust, but surprisingly the new version actually is a little more fatiguing to use. Fletcher claims they added rubber to reduce impact, but I found the older model absorbs shock better. So, don't think you could go wrong with either one, but one of the older models in some ways are a bit better. The older model does not have the tabs on the back. So far, every single point fires, and absolutely no problem with the points penetrating the frame. Granted, I could see if you had some really hard maple or something you might have an issue, but most modern-day frames are not very hard wood. Overall, a great product. 1 star removed for increased shock from earlier models.
I didn't realize this yarn had a glittery string in it-- probably my own fault for not looking closely enough when I ordered. Received it quickly though!
What is nice about this tissue is that it is packaged in such a way that the sheets are flat (not folded) and in a package that has a carboard insert. If you are careful and pull sheets out one by one and store the package flat, they stay neet and don't get all wadded up. They are also made in the U.S.A. I thought they were a very good value.
The plate arrived as looking beautiful as I expected, and heavy, solid, etc. -- except for one major problem: it had a sticker attached that says it contains paint that has been proven to cause birth defects in children! Lead and cadmium were listed as ingredients. I had planned to use it as a snack/hors d'oeuvres tray for food, and now I can only use it for paper clips or office items. What a disappointment -- and had I ordered a total of four different plates that will all be just as useless. A caveat should have been posted online so the buyer would know the plates can't be used for serving food. This is my first Amazon complaint in MANY years of great results. :((
My hands are extremely weak, inflexible and swollen because of rheumatoid arthritis. I wanted spring-loaded shears for use around the home. These have been a great set of shears for me and get lots of regular use. They have been tossed in the dishwasher plenty of times. Although these scissors don't seem to be particularly sharp, my needs for them are mainly cutting through product packaging (like cereal bags) or to poke through the tape to open an Amazon box. They don't need to be super sharp for those purposes, but I don't think they would work well for serious cutting needs. The red clip does have an annoying habit of tipping over when you least want it to, thus quite often preventing you from making the cut you want. I like that these shears can be locked with that annoying clip and stored safely in a drawer. So...they're good for my uses, but won't "cut it" for everyone.
i had ordered these a few days ago and instead of 12, I got 1!not pleased!
It did not meet my expectation, it did not have enough variety. there were no replacements that fit the old broken zipper.
I'm not very experienced with sewing machines, but I've never had this much difficulty with any other sewing machine. It constantly tangled and broke a few needles in the process. Not happy with it at all.
These are awesome of the price. Let's face it my local hobby shop sells one identical knife that is included in this set for the price of the entire set! But when in use they have showed signs of problems. I have noticed the screw blade secure feature found on all x acto knifes is weak and can slip if your pressing a bit to hard, making the blade slide around and then mess up the cut. Another thing is the blades I don't use, they sit in a little drawer with all of my x acto stuff a d they have started to rust! It's not a lot of rust but it's there. The drawer is in a dry place and the blades if ever gotten wet were dried properly. A little dremal work got rid of the rust but I mean c'mon, it wasn't even 3 months. Very sharp thought, easily cuts through plastic molds used to hold model kit parts in place and similar stuff, trying anything bigger than that is risking injury or broken pieces(I'm referring to model plane parts or more minute detailing) I would say that I'm happy because I use them with my models and they do the job just fine, the blade variety helps aswell. If your going to use them with bigger projects or lots of hard use I would invest in more quality.
The company sent the Watch Back Case Opener Knife Watchmaker Repair Tool I purchased quickly and it arrived faster than I expected. It was in excellent condition and packed securely. The price seemed reasonable. Unfortunately, it came with no instructions and I have been unable to use it successfully.
I use this to punch 3 holes in paper. It comes with a total of 7 hole punch heads and I went ahead and threw the others away. I only need 3 holes, not 4, or 5, or 6, or 7. It does create the three holes that I need in exactly the right areas of the paper provided you adjust the hole punch correctly and insert the paper in such a fashion that the hole punch heads are where you want the holes to be punched. It does take very little force to punch the holes and I frequently sneak in a few more pages than the recommended "25." shhhh. don't tell anyone, but this hole punch can handle it.
I bought this pen set to draw some manga style drawings. They are actually very good solid colors and even made my usually not good good stuff look aceptable. but they have 1 little tiny critical flaw.THESE RUN OUT OF INK SERIOUSLY FAST. I drew about 16 manga pages on grayscale and burned through 5 markers. 2 light grey and 3 black black (the S the B and the M ones). And I wasn't filling backgrounds...For the cost these markers are really impractical for applied use.But for a gift to someone who is starting drawing comic and manga type of stuff they are perfect beacuse the colors actually look ike the watercolors you see in those type of drawings. But is more recommendable to buy the smaller packs since these cost a fortune.
I've been sewing for decades and this is my second serger. I've hadn't been sewing much lately so when my Bernette gave up after 20 yrs. I decided just to get an inexpensive serger for what projects I had. This machine is a piece of junk. Don't waste your money. I have yet to complete a project without the thread breaking, tension all over the place, or some kind of breakdown. Doesn't make any difference what thread, needles, or how many times I re-thread, this machine simply doesn't function consistently and isn't worth the effort to turn it on.If you want a serger, do your homework to be sure it's what you need or want, then buy from a company whose primary product is sewing related; one that makes sewing machines/sergers only, not everything from office equipment to sewing. Don't get this just because of price....you will be sorry you wasted your money and put yourself through such frustration. My Bernette functioned flawlessly for 20 years, this one hasn't functioned for 20 minutes.I've since purchased a Viking and will not even donate this to anyone...it goes in the junk pile and tallied under waste of my money and allot of time.
I used the clay gun for cake decorating ... it worked like a charm! Recommend it for that purpose!!
I had to help my daughter make native american jewerly for school so we bought this. It served its purpose but I won't use it again. The string for the bracelets is very flimsy and fell apart. The beads are very small and the product overall is cheaply made. You need to use a sewing needle to thread the beads so this is not something for young kids.
I consider these to be just above average based mainly on craftsmanship. The metal is cheap - flexes too easily. They get the job done though.
I am not an avid sewer but can do simple alterations, hemming, make curtains, fix seams etc. This machine is great, very easy to use. Maybe when I have more free time will try all the different stitches available. Very lightweight, this is all I need.
This puncher works okay but it does really look like used item. And it needs a lot a effort to punch through the hole and you may need to punch it twice or more to cut it through.
This product works well as per the manufacturer's description - but be away that this paper is NOT a photo paper. It is decent for words/shapes/graphics/etc but do not think you will get good color or print quality for something like a photo. The paper seriously soaks up ink - so you will never get a deep black, for example - and all other colors will be off (when compared to a print on a higher quality photo paper). That said, it does what it promises, sticks well, and is a decent price.
these trimmers are the real deal for trimming buds they stay sharp and are real easy on the hands you dont get finger cramps like traditional snips I love 'em
I purchased this for my three year old granddaughter to keep her occupied on a long car trip. Imagine her disappointment when she opened it to find the stamp pad which accompanied it was dried up. I read this in other reviews and purchased it anyway because I thought it must have been a fluke. I was wrong. I have purchased dozen of other Melissa and Doug toys for her and have never been displeased with their quality. Unless you purchase another stamp set to go with it, do not buy it. I had one sad little girl on my hands because of this purchase.
This is a great collection of stamping phrases to use when you are at a loss for words. Very clever.
I ordered this machine and used it briefly the day it arrived just to test it out. It worked great and I was quite pleased. The next day, I took it out to work on some projects. The screen read an error code which indicated that the machine needed to be serviced by a technician or something ridiculous like that. Since it was only two days old and completely non-functional, I sent it back and had it replaced. The second machine came and worked about four or five times before reading another error code and failing to work.It's a cheap machine, and if you're lucky enough to get one that just so happens to work, then you've got yourself a steal. Just don't count on getting one that works.
Paper came before it was supposed to arrive. It came in perfect condition. The only thing was I really wanted 110lb weight, and mistakenly chose 90lb.
Never before has this saying been so true to me than when I purchased this sewing machine. It's aweful...it bounces all over the place and makes it nearly impossible to sew a straight line. I'm a beginner and let me tell you...it's NOT for beginners! I was able to sew one thing, a pillow and after that I have not been able to get the darn thig to make stiches since! I'm returning this to Target. Sometimes you have to pay more to get more.Take my advice...don't...DON'T get this machine!Ciao!
This is a very cute Cuttlebug Die. I would recommend this for anyone that loves animals. The letters are small but the die works great.
Its hard to ship things that are 35 inches long with out some problems.A few of the pages had some crease in them, but the printer handled them fine.It would have been nice if the paper were heavier in weight.
Xyron has made crafting easier for almost any size project. The Creation Station is a great tool for adding adhesive to objects used for cards and on scrapbook pages.
I like the size, ease of pulling. I like the color and compartments. I can get a lot into it. It is hard to manage lifting it into car, but that's to be expected. However a snap broke on one side when I first looked at it. It's not important enough to send back.
I like the idea, and I use it often, but it does NOT stick to my wall for very long. It sticks great out of the box, but it falls down after a few weeks. So I tape the corners up. I have normal, painted walls (not brick or anything), so I'm not sure why it won't stick.My conclusion: It's fine, just don't expect it to stay up on its own.
I have a roll of this tape, and another roll of Scotch Shipping Packaging Tape. The latter is widely available at drug stores, food center, and so forth. The width of the two rolls is the same: two inches. The adhesive feels the same to me. Why bother to go looking for this "book tape?" Maybe the book tape is a bit more transparent. I don't think it is quite as strong as the ordinary tape.It is a fine product, like everything else that Scotch makes. I would not go out of my way to find it, because their ordinary tape is similar.
I did not find it to be very good. Bought by reading the good reviews and got fooled I guess. It doesn't do a very good job. I would say it is just an okay product.
I so wanted to love this machine. After reading all the great reviews here on amazon as well as on the blogosphere, I had great hopes. I purchased my machine and got to work. It worked for approximately 15 minutes and then began jamming and having problems with tension. I poured over the manual for two days, called customer support, and did everything thinkable (new thread, different needle combo, adjust tension, new bobbin, rethreading...) and nothing worked. I contacted amazon for a replacement (great customer service) and received that replacement this morning. Again with high hopes, I set up the machine, did everything right and held my breath. Same tension problem, and wasn't able to fix it. Will be sending this replacement back as well for a full refund and purchasing something else. The lady I spoke to at a sewing machine store said that it is because the line of Brothers available at stores like Amazon, Costco, or Walmart use plastic inside their machines and this causes lots of problems with tension. While they could have attempted to fix it at the store, it would have come back. She recommended buying their innov-is brand (only available at sewing machine stores), because they use metal.
i ordered three skeins of this yarn. when i received the items, i received three separate dye lots. really? i was not notified prior to receiving the items that this was happening. it is pretty obvious that they are not of the same lot. two are similar but one is way off. i'm disappointed about that.
If you sew or quilt, tool storage is always a problem. Singer's sewing kit makes a nice thread organizer, and for a beginner or for simple repair kit, it's great. Yet for most hobbyists, it's a great storage case that falls a bit short on &quot;essentials.&quot; You'll want to substitute your own tools, such a decent pincushion, good-quality thread and metal and leather thimbles that fit your fingers.
What My Dog Does: A Journal for Dogs (And the People They Own) (Potter Style) (Diary)is what you're looking for when it comes to all the silly and fun details that you would want to record....this book here that I am reviewing is so stupid...the last 10 pages are completely blank and it has pages for holidays that i've never even heard of or that most people dont celebrate....it was so ....strange...I DO NOT have any IDEA HOW IN THE WORLD this book won so many awards (as they claim) I will be using the other book mentioned above...it's way cuter, longer, meaningful.....unless you're a 'prize breeder' and the sophisticated of them all and have no personality.....then it may suit you...so SAVE YOUR MONEY!! I WISH I HAD
I am a single man and purchased this small sewing machine to do some minor mending. I'm pleased with the results and have used it several times. I doesn't do anything fancy, just straight chain-stitches, but it works good. It's pretty well made for the price and the accompanying instructional DVD and easy-to follow users manual make it easy to get started.
After desperately wanting a sewing machine, our 9 year old recieved this item on her birthday. She used it with my assistance one time and it broke. The bobbin will not thread, even after employing the assistance of 2 seamstresses. The product is cheap and the experience was very sad when you have a child who wants nothing more than to sew something for her mom.Everything I have ever read about this machine says the same. DO NOT BUY!!
This stamp set is very good for little hands that love to create. My grand children love to color and work with their hands. These stamps work well in their artistic moments.
Great product, you pretty much can't use the cricut without it. So if you're buying a cricut, this is a MUST have for getting all the pieces off the mat without tearing them.
I Love the yarn the only disappointing thing on the site is that there is no indication of the sizes of the skeins of yarn you are ordering. After receiving the yarn I had to go back on the internet and order more and pay more shipping cost. If the seller had just told me the size of the skeins I was ordering i could have saved some money on shipping cost. i think the web site should make sellers disclose the size of the skeins of yarn when they offer them for sale.
It's high in price for all you get. It works OK, but you only get a one MB card. So it won't store to many designs. For the price, my Wife should have got, the 5 MB card.
I like the idea of these frames, but the 6x6 frame is really very small. I think the 6inch measurement must be the diagonal length. It is hard to use on anything larger than the frame as the fabric folds over underneath making it hard to stitch as you constantly have to be moving it out of the way. I would like to buy one of the larger frames as the frame itself is nice and lightweight. The snaps also do not rotate very easily to slide your work over, and you have to completely take it apart in order to move the fabric even a couple of centimeters. Hopefully the next size up will be more useful.
I guess I should have known that being a "universal" carrying case, the machine wouldn't fit perfectly, but as it's a Brother product and I have a Brother sewing machine, I did expect it to fit a little better than it did! I have the Brother "Sew Advanced" XL2600i machine and while it does fit in the case, there is a lot of space around the machine, causing it to slide within the case when I move it. It works for me as I don't move the machine very far when I want to use it and I will be careful, but if you expect your machine to fit snugly into the case, it probably won't. I am still happy with the purchase as it does make it easier for me to remove the machine to use and to store it nicely in my closet and the extra space around the machine does allow me to store other sewing materials with the machine. All in all, the case is well built and sturdy and certainly worth the cost if you're willing to move it carefully so as not to damage the machine.
This just seemed like such a good idea I got one as a gift for my friend who taught me to quilt and one for myself. It's an old concept that goes back to the beginning of quilting days, and it would makes sense if only it really worked. The power doesn't make a durable mark. It's messy and the markings dust right off, especially when handling the fabric, which has to be done while doing the quilting. We each only used it once and now it just sits in the drawer. I should toss it keep thinking I'll discover a way to pounce on the chalk and have it actually stay.
Patched my favorite pair of jeans last night. Threw them in a cold/delicate wash this morning to make sure it was a sturdy patch job, and when I opened the washing machine, the patches had come completely off. Followed directions, heated and pressed the patches 3-4 times, and they still didn't hold. One patch was just denim; the adhesive sheet had come off and was gunked into the drainage holes of my washer cylinder.Do not buy this product.
There are 18 different snowflake stencil designs, of various sizes, on three clear blue sheets of plastic. Can be used for any stenciling project. I have used them to carve into clay tiles, with great success.Might be a little challenging for kids as the designs are (by necessity) rather detailed, and therefore not as open as some other motifs. Still, they could be fun to experiment with. For children of all ages.
This is a good selection of embroidery thread. A good way to get started at a reasonable price. I would purchase again if the color selection would change.
Easy assembly, decent quality, good looking.My biggest complaint is that the plastic drawers fall below the rails when you pull the drawer out. You have to constantly re-align them to get them back in.
They are beautiful. I can't wait to use them. The variety colors are awesome. They arrived in individual baggies which gave the colors. They were delivered on time. I'm very satisfied with this purchase.
She had an old Singer which pretty much did only a straight stitch. She likes the multiple stitch options and the attachments she's tried. She takes off one star because the manual is difficult to understand.
I thought this little chair was so stinkin' cute when I saw it. I bought it for Christmas for my nearly 2 year old little boy. He sits in it EVERY DAY - and this has been going on for 9 months. I give it 4 stars for durability because the back of it starts to detach sometimes. I can push it back in, but I don't like that. However, it's still VERY durable as my son flips it over, sits on the back of it, lays across it and as I said, he's in it everyday. Yes, the fabric is very absorbent, so it's going to eat that milk and juice right up, but it'll clean up with a carpet cleaning machine - at least that's what we used. If you can keep your little one from taking their snack to it and from spilling on it, I think it'll last you a long, long time. The ottoman is a great quality, and it's funny to see him kicked back with his feet up. Must be just what he needs after a day of hard playing.*January 27, 2012 - The chair is still holding up incredibly well. It has not only made it through our now 4 year old (who wasn't even two when he received it) who uses it as a launching pad for his ball pit, but we have 20 month old twin boys that crawl and stand all over it. The back will separate sometimes, but I just have to push it back in. It's not a big deal. This is incredibly sturdy!
I ordered this and got safety pins instead. They gladly refunded my money but I would like to have to product I ordered.
I enjoy using my design runner handheld cordless printer.The instructions are easy to understand and to begin using.There is also pictures of on the instructions. I haveshown it to many friends already. You must get one.
My mother bought this toy for my 6 year old daughter who was so exicited to get a sewing machine and sew like me. This thing sewed maybe two stitches and then the thread either broke or came out the needle. Thinking just the machine we got was defective we took it back, TWICE and the same thing. Not only was I disappointed but imagine my daughter. I plan on spending a few extra dollars and getting her a real mini sewing machine.
You need two parents to make these stepping stones,make sure their is lots of newspaper down, it is stone and will scratch countertops. My husband had to mix it, while I helped the kids put their hands in it, it was a lot of fun to do, and they make excellent presents for grandparents!
I like this better that some other brands I have found..more textured and grabs paints well.
Calling this a leather punch set is a bit of a stretch. Useful for thin vinyl or a tissue if you want to put grommets on that type of material. If your wanting to do leather, keep looking.
the scissors work well but the do not stay locked at all, open up as soon as you set the lock on them, so that leaves the blades open all the time and not safe.
I recently purchased a Brother PC-420 PRW Limited Edition Project Runway Sewing Machine. This Universal carrying case was "recommended" to buy by Amazon. The sewing machine already came with it's own cover and I ended up buying an extra case for no reason. The recommendations need to be taylored to the products that they are selling. Unhappy with the transaction. The carrying case is still new in it's box, therefore I cannot rate it appropriately.
This paper is good for practice or to use with groups of children. It is not the best paper to use for modulars, as the paper is thin and the modulars are more difficult to put together when the paper is too thin. That said, I have ordered this paper twice... the first time all paper was the same as far as the weight/thinness of the paper. The second order - the red was not the same shade of red - more orange than red (though there is an orange in the pack as well) and the weight and quality of the red paper was inferior than the previous order. This was a bit of a disappointment, as I had ordered about 20 packs.I mainly use the paper to practice new folds - and for the brown sheets. Finding a dark brown paper for origami is not easy to find.It is nice to have this paper in supply, as the price is good, but I wouldn't use it exclusively.
I ordered two of these kits as a gift for my niece with the idea that she could combine them and make a nice lap quilt. When they arrived, I was very disappointed to see the fabric was thin - more like something you would make pajamas out of. I was expecting the kit to be made of fleece to make a warm and cuddly blanket. Instead, it was more like knit flannel. I returned the kits and will keep looking.
I have been using Xyron adhesive in my work for several years.I make hand-made greeting cards and this repositionable adhesive makes it easier for me to work with all the papers and collage pieces I use in my creations. It's not messy and it works.
i ordered these to finish a blanket for my 10 year old... the texture is amazing but darn to darn the colors weren't exact.. some were faded & others were bright.. also I only ordered once and got 2 shippments and billed twice... so watch your payment account,.. I got the blanket done and my kiddo loves it..
I learned how to thread from dvd and instructions are ok. I'm not a pro. There were a lot of adjustments left for trail and error. It's easier to use on sturdy fabric versus thin and stretchy.
Was trying to use with holster making , was not what I was needing . Needed to be a little thicker.
The quality of the stand is very good and heavy and thick but the color is wrong. I ordered black. They are not straight black. The are a lacquered reddish black.
These look great and I liked it so much that I bought another one. One is holding a large decorative spaghetti platter that my mom gave me some years ago, and the other is displaying a favorite 8x10 inch glass framed movie still from one of my favorite films. I decided it might look good that way instead of being hung on the wall, and I was right!Good Product!
I bought these to make my own stretched canvases and to stretch some paintings I'd already done. When I got these, the first thing I noticed is they ranged greatly in color, dark wood to light wood. Although it's not really that important as only a very little bit of the frame shows through the back, and none at all once hanged. The only other thing I'd have liked is if they were cut a little more cleanly. The ends aren't as smooth as the picture and if you're not careful, they could easily give you a splinter.Other than that these are very nice. Once put together they seem sturdy and they're light enough to make hanging them not a problem. They make a great deal too.
I'll start by saying I don't use this pen for drafting. I love to write with this pen because the lines get really dark, are extremely consistent, and the feel of writing with it is very satisfying, like a sharp pencil or a fountain pen.These pens do require you to keep it at a roughly 80-90 degree angle to maintain ink flow, but I don't mind that.I also don't like to use the Koh-I-Noor Technical Pen Ink. It clogs the pen quickly and regularly. Black India Fountain Pen Ink almost never clogs it, and is still very dark and doesn't soak through paper.With minor maintenance and the right ink, this pen will last you forever.
It works really well on paper and photos, but you have to be extremely precise because the glue dries so fast that it does not allow adjustments. Also, I've used it to glue pieces of linen to three cork panels, creating a pinboard. Unfortunately, it was really difficult to get a well distributed application. As a result, in the first panel, some of the glue passed through the fabric and end up staining it. It was difficult, but I managed to avoid this on the other panels.Overall, it's a very good adhesive but with a few application issues.
I bought this machine for my Wife, as a replacement for an older machine. She says it's the best machine she ever used. The machine runs very smooth. It come with about every accessory that you need. If your looking for a machine that will do almost anything, this is a must have.
Lion Brand Jiffy is a soft bulky yarn a little heavier than sports yarn.I enjoy making afghans from Jiffy yarn because they are warm and cozy. The colors are true and the finished products are very pretty. A crachet hook size H, I or J works well with this yarn.
I got this product from this seller a few times already, and the product has been very consistent. The invisible thread helps in sewing fabrics together and you don't want the thread to be seen. It was kind of hard to find this product at first because I guess people are looking for invisible thread to do magic tricks and those threads pop up first. I got invisible thread from hobby stores before, but this one was much stronger. Some invisible thread you get is thin so it has some elasticity to it. So, when you pull on it, it snaps apart quite easily. This one was a lot better, so it is a thicker than the others. It all depends on what you need it for.I'm ready to buy few more in a few days.
When we purchased these washable glitter paint pens, we were under the impression that they were pens for coloring. In reality, they work more like a glue. My daughter uses them to glue paper.
I have been using Elmer's products for years, and they have all been superb. Then I got this one, and I have changed my mind. I carefully followed the directions three times, and every time, my posters fell down instantly when I stopped holding them. I don't know if I got a bad tube or if this product truly is no good. Fortunately, it works okay to paste things into my cookbook, so I didn't entirely waste the money, but I am still looking for a way to hang my new posters and am very displeased with the product.
My grandniece wants to sew--bought this with her birthday money. The stiches do not hold--just unsecured loops through the fabric--unravelled instantly. Set-up, especially threading, is extrememly difficult. she even tried exchanging it for another thinking maybe she got a lemon--the 2nd was the same. She was sorely disappointed. And it was a big waste of everyone's time as we all struggled to try to make it work. DO NOT BUY THIS!!!!
I have purchased this same type of transfer medium in the past and used it once then. I've used this new container once and now remember why I don't use it. The areas where the Omni-Gel is used are raised up from the fashion fabric and definitely leaves your material heavier. That being the case I really am not qualified to review this item. Handy to have on hand if a relative talks about putting a picture on a t-shirt or pillow I have the goop required. Until it expires.
The 1" square punch actually creates a square that fits inside a 1.5" diameter circle. This means the square is more like 1.06066017 inches. (Diameter of the circle is 1.5 inches. If you put a square in the circle, the diagonal line across the square is 1.5", creating a triangle with a 1.5" hypotenuse and unknown size of each side. A squared plus B squared = C squared. if A=B, you get 2A^2=1.5^2. It's easy to solve from there...)It doesn't matter a lot, except if you are creating squares that you want to fit into a larger project - like cover a certain size surface. As you put square next to square, the difference adds up surprisingly quickly!
I haven't tried this with a necklace or bracelet yet, so I'm not sure how it'll stand up in wear, but I like the concept and it's easier for people to affix their jewelry than a lobster or ring clasp.
When I adjusted the tension tight enough to equalize the stitches, top and bottom, the thread began to break. I could not pull the fabric away from the machine in order to clip the threads without hand pulling the upper thread. When running on batteries the machine's speeds were medium-slow and medium. When the power was plugged in it ran at very fast and extremely fast. Had a great deal of difficulty in reverse. Kept stopping and chugging.
Bought this to replace an older Acco Model 300 hole punch. This unit is able to do more sheets with less effort and makes doing large notebooks a breeze. The footprint on the base is not much larger than the Acco, which is good as space is always at a premium.Wish we would have spent the money earlier as it has probably paid for itself in the time saved hole punching.Only negative is the feed tray, this could be a little more solid in it's construction and mounting to the base. But based on the price, this is a small complaint.
I bought this for my wifes birthday... She has sewn many different things, Rag Quilts, Blankets, Pillow cases... I have a suit that is fraying around the Button Hole and the machine has the adapter to do button holes.I think it is a great machine for the price...PS. Extremely easy to thread and load the bobbin!
Have had this for a week or so now and seems to be working as advertised. No complaints at all.
I was speechless when I opened the Amazon box to find this tiny package of wool. I guess I don't know what 20g of wool looks like. Before you buy, see the photo I posted so you'll know what you're getting.
The problem with this gun is that the glue does not move freely through the glue feeder, you have to push it to keep the glue moving. The gun itself was fine. I inserted an object to push the glue through the feeder, which worked for a couple of jobs. The object that I was using to help the glue move along through the feeder actually became glued in area that moves the glue stick through the gun. I had to toss the gun because I could not remove the object I had inserted to faciliate the process. Inserting that object was the only way I could keep the glue moving after a certain point. I noticed that before I started helping the glue move through the gun, there were large glops of glue comiing out at sporadic intervals and then nothing. I also noticed that the glue was not really moving anymore when the large glob of glue was coming out. Once I started helping the process, the gun was fine until the object actually was glued to the gun. I think this is the issue a couple of others who were reviewing were attempting to describe, with the large dispersal of glue and then nothing. The price was awesome and I really trusted the brand name Stanley, which is why I decided to give it a try after some of the reviewers criticized the product. I am disappointed.
As soon as bought this product and opened the case to put the included items in the velcro closure broke. The tray is made of flimsy plastic and would not stand up to regular use. It is quite small and, for the price, not well made at all. I returned it for a refund and would not purchase another like it.
After a few days of use the magnet kept cracking and breaking. I kinda wasted some money. It does not last very long.
this item just cuts a small thickness of plexiglass and this is an assumption. I broke my window project and had to do a homemade makeover to cover the window. It's sharp just not very well spec detailed.
The color on the top of the stools peels away.Otherwise it's an easy set to put together and I've had it for almost 2 years now. Holding up pretty good.Served its purpose and still does.
If you're using it for the occasional magnifying needs, I'd say it's hard to beat for the price! Although if you're going to be using it a lot (finding 60/120 cleavage anyone??), I might suggest looking for a slightly higher quality one. The image from this isn't quite as clear as some of my classmates' lenses and it sort of gives me a headache after a while. Also it was a golden brassy color, not chrome, but color was hardly important to me. It's cheap and it magnifies!
I used this puff paint to "retread" some footie pjs for my son. It works well and provides a lot of traction. One tube will last for 5-6 pairs of pjs, applied generously. It does take a long time to dry.
The picture accompanying the beads shows multiple bracelets on a child's arm. But one hundred beads is really barely enough for one small necklace.
Other than the convenience factor, this glue gun is junk. The battery is already losing it's charging capacity, after only four months. I can barely use it for 30 minutes, without recharging. You can't buy a replacement battery at all yet, plus there is only a 90 day warranty. The time it takes to heat is longer than 5 minutes. Plus the trigger mechanism refuses to feed the stick most of the time. Save your $30 and buy something else.
For the money, you'd be hard pressed to find a better little box for art or craft supplies. I use one for my drawing supplies, another as a sewing box.
We paint a large mural (12' x 40') every year at our high school with tempera paints. We tried a roll of this this year. The paper peels up horribly at the edges, and a second coat of paint creates holes in the paper. Flimsy, deceptively described, and to be avoided at all costs.
Ordered the chair in the chocolate brown color. Received it, but the ottoman looked as if it had been sitting in the sun too long and was half faded to a rust color as well as part of the arm on the chair. Sent the pair back, upon receiving the second one had the similar issue but it was less obvious. About the size of a softball on the ottoman is the same rust color but decided to keep it anyway. Wish I had exchanged a third time but being as it's not as obvious as the first I didn't bother. I recommend the brown as it matched better with our decor, and the pink one that several of our friends have seems to show dirt quite obviously. As far as the 'chenille' fabric description goes, I'd say a cheap brown terrycloth is much closer to true. Chair sheds alot, but is manageable and I'm assuming after it gets enough wear and tear it will diminish. Would buy again, considering the above - as I found this chair on other sites for double the price.
Very cheap quality. You get what you pay for. I'm using them for practice for school, so it's ok for me, but I wouldn't want to rely on them for motor building!! The one I recieved was not the same one as pictured. Very hard to read markings as they are not colored, just engraved in chrome. Easy to adjust 0 point. Not expexting them to be accurate at all though.
What does one say about glue sticks? Well, they're very glue-like. I've used these several times and have no complaints as they function, er, melt exactly as they should. They arrived perfectly and promptly.
My paint has sprung a leak. Something to consider when orderng via post. (Also, it arrived six days after the order was placed.)
Other reviewers have noted that this is NOT real India Ink. This is very true, it uses a dye rather then a pigment. Real India ink contains bits of pigment mixed it to make the colour. Why is this so important? Well, fountain pens can only take a dye based ink. Ink that flows like water, and is fluid--most importantly, not an ink in a fountain pen cannot leave residue.What at am I getting at here? While this sudo India Ink is redesigned for fountain pens, it still leaves residue--and it is not entirely water soluble. While it's not enough to clog up quality pens it can cause damage over time. Staining plastic in converters, clogging feeds and nibs over time. True, fountain pens should be maintained and cleaned regularly, if not taken care of this ink can do some serious damage. Fixing several pins that have used this ink, it takes quite some muscle to scrub off the residue from a feed--especially since it does not clean well with water (water is the first cleaning solution of choice, due to a lot of vintage pens using celluloid plastic).It's inexpensive, and it does have a deeper black then some other fountain pen inks. But, it's not a true quality ink that should be used. Noodler's will fill the void, or even Namiki ink.
This ruler is a replacement for my mother-in-law's lost one. She uses one constantly because she makes her own clothing. She says that she can get a more customized fit for her smaller stature than what is mostly in the stores. This time I even labeled it with her name so it won't get mixed up with her other sewing buddies at quilt camp!
This is a really nice table and chair set, but a chair's back broke off shortly after we received it. It looked like it would be repairable, but it has been determined now that it is a presswood product rather than real wood. It is possibly pressed cardboard. Just a little pressure and the back's material pulled off at the screw holes and it cannot be repaired. Unfortunately, due to pressing matters, I was unable to get the part repaired/replaced. Well, actually, the replacement period ended before the gift was even given to the child for her birthday! I'd love to hear from the manufactrer!
I recieved a tape measure instead of the product I ordered. I did not see a place for this action.
I ordered the case to protect my wife's new machine but was disappointed in the quality and design. Inside the top of the box where the handle mounts, the metal strap was rusted. My concern was a few years from now carrying the machine by the handle of this case and having the handle fall off destroying the sewing machine when it hits the floor. If this manufacturer uses cheap metal that rusts, they may also use cheap plastic which becomes brittle. This caused me to evaluate the fasteners on the side. I would have preferred to see rivets here securely connecting the side latches fully through the case. We don't want a latch to fail causing the machine to fall out the bottom of the case. This storage box may be cost affective for the manufacture to assemble but do you want to spend your hard earned money on a nice sewing machine only to see it destroyed after falling out of this storage box? I may be critical on the quality of this box but I'm also an automotive engineer.
I ordered it because I was looking for a small sewing kit to be used during travel. I found this product with an amazing price
Red Heart Super Saver yarn is a good value. It's cheap, durable and washes well. The downsides are that it's scratchy and can irritate your skin when you knit or crochet with it. The pull skeins often don't work or become very tangled towards the end.I've used this particular color (Turqua) in a few projects and love its bright hue.
As advertised, this item came with a great variety of thread colors, and bobbins wound with colors to match. I found this arrangement quite easy to use and went to work on some small sewing projects. I noticed right away that the amount of thread on each spool was kind of small, but it wasn't until I went to alter a tee shirt (expanding the size with decorative side panels and lace) that I realized how small. I actually used up 2 rolls of slightly different colors of brown thread to finish the shirt, and all I did was add two triangular panels into the side seams all the way up the sides of the shirt. Of course I did this in a hem stitch which uses lots more thread than a straight stitch, but still. TWO spools? The funny thing was that the bobbins actually held slightly more thread than the actual spools. At the end of my project I had to use one of the bobbins as my top thread in order to finish up, but it worked.Would I buy this item again? No. But since I have it already, I plan to use it up. Probably quickly...
This iron is barely lukewarm, so it is basically useless. Plus, it's dangerous, since you can't stand it up while at rest, and it gets warm enough that it might be able to burn a paper surface. Very bad design, and not worth returning for the $7 you paid.
We have not used the machine yet, so I have no idea how it is going to work. The shipment was very fast, we bought it with a prime account. The reason I am rating it with 3 stars is that the knob came with scratches.
I tested this machine for a small needlework shop to see if it were worth keeping around for emergencies and odd jobs.Although the description claims that this little machine takes the &quot;intimidation&quot; out of sewing, it's really a fussy little gadget that best serves experienced stitchers in emergency situations or while travelling. To expect that a neophyte would be able to know how to adjust tension and manipulate fabric is to invite verbal abuse from those who don't know what they're doing.One of the main flaws of this machine is not necessarily its mechanics (it's far noisier than a regular machine), but its accessories; it's shipped with a pack of bobbins and spools pre-wound with the worst thread imaginable: cheap, fuzzy, short-fiber spun polyester. Not only will spun polyester thread cause expensive machines to choke, but in this machine, it's a recipe for the disasters of tangling thread, throat plate jams and damaged needles.The needles it's shipped with -- inferior metal, semi-ball point -- will only handle plain-woven midweight cotton fabric. If you attempt to stitch on stretch or knit fabric, be prepared for skipped stitches and jamming, unless you purchase ballpoint needles and long staple polyester thread. Woven fabrics are best stitched with sharp-point or universal point needles.I was disappointed that I couldn't find a way to adjust stitch length, even though I've operated dozens of domestic, commercial, and industrial sewing machines. The &quot;speed control&quot; buttons are practically useless, and do not control the feed dogs. There is no reverse stitch control to form backstitching at the beginning and end of a seam.I found the size of the power pedal small enough to hold between the knees (to keep it from &quot;creeping&quot;).When the proper thread and needles are used for the project (and again, a complete beginner would have no idea about using undamaged points or when to choose long staple poly or cotton) this machine stitches well enough for quick seams and hems.If you're looking for a &quot;first&quot; sewing machine, buy one in the $80 - $140 range from a shop where the staff are willing to help you learn to sew. The Euro-Pro Dressmaker 998B is NOT for raw beginners without an experienced sewing buddy, but for experienced or casual stitchers who use the proper thread &amp; needles for small projects or emergency repairs.
I selected this because it was supposed to be &#34;invisible&#34;.I followed instructions, watched a tutorial, did severaltests. Expected adhesion and &#34;clean&#34; appearance tooriginals and did not get that. Went out of my way topurchase a product that was reportedly appropriate forsurface. Paper was transluscent: everything shows up!
This color is awesome but as others have stated, you need more dye than normal to pentrate whatever you are dying. I dyed one pair of pants (I'm a size 3 juniors) and used two packs of dye. By the way...I got the same dye at my local Joanne Fabrics store for less than 3 bucks a piece. It's way more expensive on Amazon. I guess it's because they have to inlcude shipping cost to items which state free shipping.
Lots of extra parts come with it. The guide that it comes with tells you exactly which part you need for the project and type of material. So far I have not had any problems and I do not expect any in the future.
I just dyed a batch of white cotton socks. You might notice that the product title says "forest green" but the picture shows a product labeled "tourquoise". When I first added the dye to the salt-water, it did look dark green. But somehow it, and my socks, shortly turned blue, and by the end of the process, the water itself was clearly blue much more than green. I would rate the color of my socks as being much closer to a weak-moderate tourquoise/teal than any kind of dark green (which is what I expected forest green to be). I admit that I am pretty new to dyeing fabrics, and may have messed up the sequence of steps (my soda ash package described a totally different sequence from the dye itself), but I would expect that such mistakes would result in weaker color, not shifted color. I did include a few pairs of yellow socks (white socks I had dyed yellow with RIT powder in a hot-stove sequence weeks ago but not yet worn) once I realized my new white ones were going blue instead of green, and those have indeed gone a nice rich green color.
I love this machine! The price was great! It was everything they promised it to be. I'll be recommending this to my friends.
Good glue gun for the money. I wanted a full size glue gun that would heat up quickly and not drip glue all over the place. I mostly use this gun for cementing wood together and it does a great job at it. The gun heats up quickly too. The only reason I am giving this glue gun 4 stars is that it does tend to drip small amounts of glue while sitting in the stand after I've applied some glue to my wood projects. I'm still pleased with it and can live with the glue dripping; definitely not going to return it.
I bought the Original Buttoneer while in the Marines in 1972. It was awesome; no button fastened by it came off, ever. It was useful for fastening other things as well. So I bought this product in the hope that I could recpature the ease of use and reliability of the original. No such luck. This "Original Buttoneer" is useless. The brads are too short, too brittle, and the device is cheaply made and difficult to work. A total waste of money.it would take nothing for someone to re-create the original, change the name, and sell them here.S.J. Britt USMCR(ret.)
I did not have a lot of sewing supplies to store, so for me this small box was adequate.I really like the plastic tray on top, which has divided sections for organizing items.But had it for a couple of years, and now the handle has broken off. The metal pin/wire on one side has come out and I don't see any way to repair it. I'll go for a more substantial box this time.
Poorly constructed. Handle was already unravelling on arrival. The rope trim on the handle had already begun to unravel. The tab closure was half sewn in and half off. The inner tray was made of a very thin and low quality plastic.
It's a good block of wood, consistent, carves and seals excellently. I'm not sure why the star rating is for a "toy," but hey, as far as blocks of wood go, I guess this one is pretty fun.However - I've purchased this item twice, both times with a number of other items from other vendors through amazon, and several from amazon. My only complaint is that it takes much longer to ship than anything else - an order I placed a number of days later has shipped, and this still hasn't. Perhaps it simply hasn't yet been marked as shipped and is en route, but I remember that it took a good while for the first one to arrive when I purchased it just over a year ago.
The larger size needles are not pointed enough. The smaller sizes are fine. I'm looking for a good pencil sharpener to do the job.
The product arrived on or before the date stated. My wife uses the pressing cloth when ironing dark clothes to prevent them from getting a shine. It works great.
I bought this primarily to fix a friend's shirt that got either bleached, or sun-bleached. Not really sure how well it works yet. I require a bit of help in fixing said item, as I am disabled, and am more 'mess-prone' than average people.
About me: I am an absolute beginner and my mother/granny did not sew. I am taking a sewing class and touched a sewing machine for the very first time there. (a 50-year old ELNA).The only reason I am not giving this product a 5 star is because I have only used it for about 3 weeks so far and hence cannot vouch for its reliability long term.Amazon delivered the machine in 3 days - very prompt service. The machine is easily portable and at the same time is not so light that it will trip over when working on an intensive project. Its modern and compact, and yet roomy enough to accommodate your fabric. While not overcrowded with features, it does come in with a handy set of features which will make your sewing experience simple and easy.The manual was fairly good and I was able to set up the machine in about 20 minutes. Winding the bobbin and threading are very easy. Threading the bobbin is extremely simple (this model has the one-step bobbin threading). The storage compartment comes with about 3 types of presser feet, spare needles, spare bobbins and a tool.There are 25 stitches - about 12 are decorative and the remaining are just various types of stitches. There is a needle thread guide which makes threading the needle very simple. The presser foot can just be snapped on and need not be screwed in.The stitches are consistent and nice and machine is easy and efficient to work with. I would definitely recommend this for a beginner.
I bought this about a year ago, and I have a very few photos sorted into it, and a set of christmas cards that I have been planning on finishing for ages. The box isn't full, and sees very little use. However, the last time I went to move it, the handle broke off completely. Now it is useless. The handle is weak, and may very well break much sooner than you think. The rest of the box seems ok, and fairly study, but the handle the part that sees most wear & tear is poorly designed. I wouldn't buy it again.Too bad, I really liked the picture boxes with this, it was a good way to sort & organize projects.
Our niece is becoming an artist and these crayola pencils were perfect for her. She drew dresses, then designed with her color pencils. It is taking her art to a new level.
I actually purchased these to trim the hair on my Bichons (they do not have fur they have hair) and they work very well.
I wish I had read the reviews before I bought it. I would have saved me and my kid the disappointment.I love to sew. My 6 year old daughter loves to watch. So for Christmas, I bought this and a fantastic sewing book in hopes of embarking on a new journey together. Since she is so young, I wasn't entirely comfortable with her sewing on my machine. I wanted something like this as a good intro.This toy does not work well. It comes pre-threaded. Once that thread runs out, you're done. It is VERY difficult to thread this machine. The needle guard requires that you use a threader, but its nearly impossible to get it through. Once you get it going, count to 10 because, chances are, you will be rethreading it again. This machine only holds a tiny spool of thread. I ended up using my "Sidewinder" to make tiny spools for this machine. Although, that too was a waste of time, because this thing has been collecting dust because neither me or my kid want to deal with it.It is nice that it runs on batteries - fewer cords for her to potentially tug.Overall, I wouldn't bother. If you want to introduce your kid to sewing, get an inexpensive, no-frills, but solid sewing machine. All it needs to do is sew a straight line. It won't be cute and pink like this one, but it will be less frustrating in the long run.
I had to make 160x8&#34; circles on cardstock for a wedding DIY project. Very few circle cutters can cut that big of a size, but this one does. It wasn't painless, but this circle cutter did the job. You have to press down hard on the center to make sure the cutter didn't shift mid-cut. The 2 replacement blades came in handy.
Make sure to tape loose needles together or else they'll fall out. I had to put them in a small plastic bag so they wouldn't fall through the cracks. Other than that, this product organizes materials well and comes with good quality items.
I tried a Singer Sewing Machine before this Brother Sewing Machine, that Singer walk like a tortoise, the needle was broken after my first try of using it. Lucky that I can return the machine. This Brother Sewing Machine is much much better. This one has speed controller and drop-in bobbin. The only thing that I don't like is no where to store the sewing thread when I put the hard cover on.
It pulled the coating right off my glasses, but unfortunately it's so abrasive that it scratched the polycarbonate lenses worse than what I started with.However, this isn't what the product is designed for, so I won't review it based on this. It DOES etch glass QUITE nicely though, so if this is your intention, it gets 5 stars.
I like the design, look and sharpness. They are comfortable to grip and use repeatedly whilst pruning, however, they are stainless steel and they rust. I don't like that one bitnuff said
This was a fine machine until 2 months after the warranty ran out. Then I began to get a ERR 6 error. Cleared the thread, still no luck. I took the machine to a Brother certified service center. They advised they couldn't find anything wrong, except that it didn't work and could not help any further. They advised to return it to the manufacturer. When I called Brother, they advised my only alternative was to take it to another Factory Service Center. I did, same story. It appears that neither Brother or their Factory Service Centers care if their products stop working once the warranty runs out. That type of service I can do without. This one went into the trash, a $180 lesson in what brand NOT to buy. I don't yet know what my replacement will be but it will absolutely not be a Brother.
Highly recommend this package. It has everything you need, no need to run around searching for high quality matching envelopes, it's all there! (and it worked for me!!_
I am pretty new to knitting but this was very very nice. I love it because I make all these hats with it now. It's my favorite knitting piece.
This is a great lightweight machine for small projects such as mending, hemming and small craft projects. Manual made it easy to use for a beginner.
I know I'm not putting tension on my yarn because it almost falls off the loom, but my big, blue loom is seriously warped and I've only made about 18" of knitting with it.... Plus, the set only comes with VERY basic instructions that are really only suitable for use on the smallest (red) loom and looks awful in the suggested worsted weight yarn (it's very loopy and would get caught on everything).This product might be better if 1. it came with more/better instructions and 2) didn't warp so quickly.If you're going to be making flat panels, stick with the round loom and read up on stitches that will lay flat. Going around the flat loom to make flat panels is a pain, it is difficult to work the inside of the loom.
Love this machine! Intuitive, easy, sews though a couple layers of denim; it has rejuvenated my interest in sewing. Love the bobbin set up and threaded, and comes with ample accessories. A bargain in quality, ease of use, and price!
My complaint isn't as much with the product here as it is with the description. I'm a beginning photographer and I never developed my own film before so it would have helped me to know that a lot of clips (maybe all but I'm not sure) come with little prongs to hold the top of the negative through the sprocket holes. That's wonderful but I shoot medium format and the sprockets are way farther apart than the prongs on the clips. Not sure that will be a huge problem but it is bothersome. Maybe the description should mention these are only for 35mm film. That said, I did notice that the "weighted" clips are really just the same as the regular ones and the weight popped right out of one of them. Also, I think they were overpriced and I'm pretty sure I won't bother to buy any more.
The problem that I have is that it does not work with windows 7. I have tried every thing no luck, so it cost me $97.00 for nothing. Very sad.
The product is great, but the price on Amazon Prime price is over $10. Seems like a bit overpriced.
So I bought this because it had gotten good reviews, and when I used it, I was not disappointed! I have never engraved before, and what I was engraving was not very detailed or artsy. This tool was easy to use and right for the job. Just pop in the batteries, practice a bit to get the feel of it and you're good to go! For the record, I used it on basswood, so I don't know how it works on other surfaces.
Recently I relocated to an apartment in a new city. Having a home at my last location I bought artwork that fit with the house and how it was set up. Having fireplace mantels I had gotten some oversized artwork (about 24"x36")to display on them. In my new place there wasn't really a good place to put the artwork.I was definitely a little nervous about the type of Easel to buy. Worried about stability and strength as well as something that was good looking enough to feel right was a big concern. I found that the Royal Venice Sketch Easel looked to fit the bill at a decent price.As always with Amazon shipping was great. I was also very happy with the easel. It was easy to put up and is sturdy. It adjusts easily to hold the large art piece and strong enough to be stable. Once it is set up you can move it without feeling like everything will fall apart. The easel holds the piece at the top and bottom securely so it doesn't move. The wood is unfinished so you can leave it like this or you can finish it to fit your needs.While other reviews have focused on the use as an artistic tool, which it would be great I can tell. I wanted to say it is great for displays too. Much better then a metal piece that has no home feel to it. I am very pleased and my purchase again to display other works.
This works very well at first. But it gets dull very quickly and bends the corner back instead of trimming it. I would not purchase this product again.
Not reccommended. Though they were very inexpensive, they still weere not worth the money. very difficult to read the size imprinted on the shaft.
One of the 5 markers was damaged...box was damaged... the Sharpie Marker itself, too large to do Calligraphy with...the ink bleeds out and ruins the words...
This card contains nice designs that stitch out welll. Brother makes another card called "Winnie the Pooh" that contains all of these designs, plus a lot more (about twice as many) that can be found for under $99 so you might want to consider that one instead if you want more variety and design choices.
I was soooooo sad to give it a bad rating....when i first got my machine, i followed every step on instruction sheet and excitedly turn on the ON button...it was followed by a beeping sound with F4 on the LCD...according to the manual...if F1 to F8 appears then machine may be malfunctioning and I needed to contact the nearest authorized service center. REALLY??? I wish it was able to tell me exactly what was malfunctioning. I was sad to have it returned :(. Also, Amazon will not replace the item, it pulled this product from their site, however, you can still purchase it on amazon through other vendors....this was per Customer Service rep who helped me with my refund and return.
I can't imagine any 6 year old spending the hours involved in tying the hundreds of knots (I estimated 1500 knots) that are required. The material is hard to knot. It seems that some of the ties are a little too short and you have to fight with them. Certain colors really stretch out when you pull them to tie them. Its a good idea, but too much work in concept for the average 6 year old. I was looking for a fair independent project for her, and I ended up doing all the work. Might be a decent project for an older child. The finished project looks nice, but its not durable and I am afraid it is going to get ruined in our house.
I started wearing dress pants for work and noticed that one by one my buttons were coming loose. Rather than sew them together I found Buttoneer refills at the local drug store but no actual Buttoneer. Eventually I was able to get my hands on the actual machine and spent about $25 total. The stupid thing didn't work. I tried a few more times and 7 tabs later I finally got it to work through a simple hem.It claims to be "invisible!" but the thick "clear" plastic is so fat that it shows white and is extremely obviously and tacky on any dark colored items when hemming.As for buttons, the button stays on... so long as it isn't used. Once I tried using the actual button as, well, a button, the "secure" hold of the plastic broke through. I now have little piece of white plastic sticking out of my pants where I tried to get it to work and where it snapped. I'm very unhappy and after all that time of trying to get this to work I could have just sewed my buttons on.
I was disappointed. The gas regulator valve didn't work right. Video and instructions provided no info on how to avoid glass becoming discoloured or shifting color. No info on cleaning beads after they are made. No bead reamer. Although kit promoted as complete, both video and instructions suggested getting more books or taking classes.
The package contained just one stretched canvas and not 6 as the description claims. I had to return this order as Amazon cannot replace it for some reasons.
Im afraid these mats weren't mats at all... They are Five sheets of paper board with perforation cut outs of Several sizes . there is no way I would display my art or pics with these. I gave them to my children's school to use for something. It was probably no fault of Pacon I should have read the description better, No angle cut, no board....well paperboard with chads from the perforations.Sorry Im not happy at all with these.
I hadn't paid attention to the size! So I was surprised the sheets were so long. This will be great for larger craft projects. I felt the quality was excellent.
I keep a lot of my scrapbooking items in this. It is great quality and very easy to just take with me to workshops.
After testing out the projector only twice, the lightbulbs burned out. I haven't yet been able to find replacement bulbs. But, I'm hoping that when I find them, I can use it and it'll be worth the price!
Holy Moley!! this was a LOT bigger than I was expecting. More paper and better quality. I priced a much smaller roll at a local craft store and it was double the price for 1/2 the amount of paper. This was a good deal that arrived quickly.
I used to sew all the time. I now only sew occasionally and had been "putting up" with my old Kenmore sewing machine for that reason. It was a great machine in its day, but that was over 30 years ago;-)Anyway, I decided that the price was too good to pass up and I want to start sewing more. I was so busy over the holidays that I just had a chance to set up the Brother Computerized sewing machine and have the following to say:1. I was amazed at how light this was compared to my old machine2. It worked wonderfully on my first project, a set of drapes for my mother-in-law3. It was very easy to use, and great instructions.4. Loved all the attachments/feet that came with it as well as the "extended" sewing surface.5. Great deal for the price.The only negative I might have is that the light could be brighter. I was sewing in a well lit room, but the light on the machine is not very bright.Otherwise, this is a great little machine for the money.
Thread tension not the best and getting worse though we haven't used it much. Problem may have been worsened by putting bobbin in wrong one time. Will now have to take it to be repaired,which is going to be an expense and hassle. Advise renting or buying a sturdier machine depending on how long you need it for.
I did not have a lot of sewing supplies to store, so for me this small box was adequate.I really like the plastic tray on top, which has divided sections for organizing items.But had it for a couple of years, and now the handle has broken off. The metal pin/wire on one side has come out and I don't see any way to repair it. I'll go for a more substantial box this time.
While this cricut is somewhat limited, it was inexpensive and serves my purpose very well. It's for personal use and I don't need anything that can print huge lettering, etc.
I have struggled with this thing for over a year now! It is always falling down and the dials get stuck when trying to adjust the size! It is very difficult to pin due to the thin cover, which means lots of bent straight pins! However, it is good to use for hemming, if you can manage to keep it upright long enough to finish the job! It certainly is not worth the money paid! I have just stumbled upon a dress form which looks very user friendly. It is called the Uniquely You Dressform. Several places sell it online and it costs about the same as the Dritz My Double. The Uniquely You Dressform is made of a proprietary dense foam rubber. After fitting a cloth cover to yourself, you remove it and sew the sides. Then, you slide the cover onto the dense foam rubber body while pressing down on the rubber and it molds itself into your cover! You can stick pins deep into it, iron on it and steam on it! If your body size changes, you only need to adjust the seams on your cover to change the shape of the dressform! I intend to order this and try it out. I am hoping that it is as good as it sounds! Hopefully Amazon will begin selling this item soon, too! And, no... I have no affiliation with Uniquely Yours.
The product was not intially easy to use. The directions were difficult due to the multiple languages on the pages. It also was limiting in that due to so little directions and options unless you are creative and a good visual learner(from what little is on the website) you would become defeated and quit. Also, the availablity of books to expand knowledge is very limited. Please make more so people could really get their moneys worth. Also, some of the words that are familiar to knitters are really unclear for non-knitters and once again, without clear visual and narrative how-tos, it will lead only to defeat. Thanks
I acquired my Design Runner via a garage sale, so I only spent $10 on the whole kit, including the accessory pack and a starter pack of ink and 2 discs. I am pretty disappointed with the whole thing, and am looking to sell it off on E Bay right now. In a nutshell, although it can begin printing where you want it if you line up the crosshairs (and read the directions, as some other posters have noted), there is still no way to end the line of print within the paper and not risk cutting off some of your printed images (if you use the repeat image command, not the single image command), which you would use for a border. The printer is hard to keep straight, although the straight edge ruler in the accessory kit does help in that regard. However, using the arc and italics tools from the accessory kit causes the image to be distorted and sometimes the ink smears. I have used this Design Runner on a couple of projects and had to make several practice runs on similar pieces of paper before I tried it on my scrapbook pages, and even then I wasn't happy. The only way I would consider using it again would be 1) as a single image, or 2) on a separate piece of paper, which I would cut out and glue to my page. It really isn't worth the bother, and I certainly wouldn't have bought it new! (I already sunk in $40 worth of ink cartridges). Stay away from this!
This globe looks nice, but I am really looking for a larger DIY one. Never tried making one before so I'm looking forward to it. I too would like to gather some sand and shells this Summer. I'd also like to add a polymer clay seahorse, if I can find one.
I bought this to iron on a plain white shirt for myself to wear on my wedding day. Well I followed the directions and it did not turn out so great! The stones did not all transfer on to the shirt!!! So I was not happy and did not wear it that day after all.
It's definitely worth the price if all you need is an inexpensive magnifier. Like other people have said, its not 30x. It comes with a small case and works well.
These are cute. Not great quality for the price. Should be packaged in plastic so as not to become soiled during processing.Would not buy again.
If your making stencils this stuff is great. Very nice, perfect thickness. I thought it was a bit pricey, but when I checked it out at the local craft store, it wasnt.
This is a great item. It works exactly as advertised, if the proper methods are used. There is a knack to doing this. Shirts are done in segments. It took me about 6 weeks to get good at this, but I can do an entire man's shirt in about 3 minutes, now.
The product was as advertised. The delivery of the product took a few days longer than I expected.
i bought a 1.99 pair of scissors at the super market and they are much better than these, and you can use them in the right or left hand. not worth it.
This Sketch pad is great! It's not too big, not too small which is really good if you travel quite a bit and wants to have it handy. I also quite like the fact that it is a spiral note book so you don't have to worry about ruining the binding like some other sketch pads that I've had. The texture of the pages is quite nice as well and drawing on well is equally as nice. I would definitely recommend this to any artist from novice to advanced.
I bought this scrapbook, elsewhere and paid more, but it's fantastic! I designed this gift to give to my husband for his last birthday. I contacted an old ship-mate (USS GRANT) and received photos, anecdotes, etc. to place in the album. It came out great and the album just helped to enhance the whole "picture!"I highly recommend this album for your Navy scrapbooking. There are so many stickers and embellishments out now, it's so easy to commemorate those Navy experiences!
Nice quality construction. It creates a very controlled and even pattern. I was disappointed that I couldn't spray lines as fine as I would have liked. There was some explanation in the instructions about taking off the head of it to spray finer lines but that didn't work.
I think what you need to do to prevent your thread breaking is adjust the tension on the thread. It should be easy to do on a machine like that, I'm sure the manual can help or you can go to any local fabric store and they can help you
I wondered how this could fit so many different machines - what you have here is a large plastic shell that you lift the sewing machine into for storage. There is no way to secure the machine to the bottom (which seems rugged enough to hold the weight) but please note, as observed by another reviewer, that your machine is then 'loose' inside the box and will likely need some sort of protective padding to prevent it from rocking around inside the case it you are actully planning to use this to transport the machine, not to mention securing the pedal and cords. The latches appear to be sturdy. I haven't had it for long enough to really give it a testing as to the quality of the plastic.I couldn't find another Singer case, so I guess this is it...
The jeweler wax picks, polymer clay tools are everything I hoped they would be. They are a wonderful addition to my artist tool box. I am pleased to endorse this product and the sender. They arrived in a very timely manner without a hitch.
The easel arrived intact, surprisingly. The box was in shambles when I received it. Not sure if this was the fault of the vendor or the shipper. OK otherwise.
Thick, clothlike rice paper that is elegant and beautiful.*5 7/8 x 5 7/8 (almost 6x6) inches square; precision cut*Wonderful texture; you can see some of the rice strands in it*Beautiful patterns in stunning blues; nice enough for gift-giving*Fun to work with, gives sturdy results which will stand up to a lot of abuseNote: this type of paper is somewhat thick for origami. I don't recommend using it for very intricately folded pieces. The thickness of the paper can become a problem with even as little as 4 or 8 layers. I love this for boxes and simple folds such as cranes.
I was a little skeptical buying these as looking at the picture I thought they may be too flimsy to last very long and withstand vigorous play (...my daughter can be a little rough on toys). After reading the positive reviews I decided to buy them since she loves play dough and I thought she'd have fun with these. I am very happy I did. They are not flimsy at all and feel like pretty substantial plastic actually that may stand the test of time. My daughter has so much fun with these. The only minor gripe I can think of is with the design of the rolling pin... I think it may be easier to use (at least for smaller kids..my child is 2 1/2) if the center rolling part actually rolled like a real rolling pin does. In no way is that a deal breaker though, which is why I still gave it the 5 stars. My daughter loves these dough tools ... including the rolling pin.
I purchased 6 of these and had to return 4, and the other two were defective. I am very sad about this product.
I bought these to use with my 2nd grade students and was very disappointed. The tips clogged and were difficult to clean. On two of the pens the tips actually came off, and I was unable to put them back on. Also, once the pens were half way done, it was very hard to get the remain glitter out of the pens. They were a waste of money!
Ampersand's art supplies are all great. Their Pastelbord is designed to have a unique sandy clay coating. Its unique, fine grain tooth holds pastels and other dry media like no other pastel surface. I really preferred this to the pastel papers I've tried.The fine "tooth" of the surface makes it easy to blend colors, layer, and experiment with pastel techniques.Some people also use Pastelbords for water media, since they are so extremely absorbent. I haven't tried that, but I have used the "untoothed" Claybord 11"x14" Smooth and Claybord 11"x14" Textured for water media, with good results.
I have been using these for about 10 years. They are easy to use. I agree about their light fastness, but I often combine them with other watercolors and even spray them after use with a clear fixative so they do not run when I back and stretch the xuan paper.I have also used them on silk and found them to be very good.The Dancing BRush
The drawers do not fit in the tracks or they come off the tracks. A great idea but so poorly made that the frustration of using it is > handiness.I would not buy one again. My husband has fixed it once. His fix allowed a couple more drawers to work. However, it can not be adjusted any further.Don't buy one - its junk
Very light weight and portable. Sews absolutely great. Ease to use. Very compact. Would highly recommend!
I bought this to help me with my christmas decor. I found the pictures that I wanted on the internet and then used the tracer to increase the size from 4 inches to 4 feet and trace the images onto coroplast. I worked very well. You can see the results for your self at my website... www.cereschristmastreelane.com/Coroplast.htmlI was surprised that it used a CFL. I thought that this was kinda nice since the heat produced by a CFL is much less than incandescent. But you must remember that the CFL when first turned on is fairly dim and takes a while to get to full brightness. Still, I found that I needed to get the ambient light down to a minimum in order to use this effectively.
My son has enjoyed all of the tools; however, the rolling pin does not roll separately from the handle, so it is difficult for my son to roll out the dough. If I find a rolling pin that rolls separately from the handles I will get it for him. The rolling pin is the only reason I gave the product 4 stars.
This is a wonderful lot of crystal beads at a great price. Will buy more again.
Works but not for long. The ends broke off in the purse and the thing fell off. The magnet is strong and it was great until it broke. I might have installed it wrong, I will try again.
So I bought a few of these because I have friends with the same fishers scissors to sharpen, I tried to use it for the first time and it fell apart. So no sharp scissors only a pile of broken plastic.
I found that some of the tiny pieces I placed in the 150 would flip over before they reached the tape. I have to use really long tweezers to make sure it goes in properly. You can't just reach your fingers in easily to get it out, if it flips. I couldn't do it without the tweezers. It's great for the bigger pieces. I don't recommend this if you are doing a lot of pieces at once, because you have to rub a stylus around all the edges on the outside, and the inside. Otherwise, when you pull off the tape on top, you'll get sticky on the front of your pieces.
I ordered six of these, along with 2 albums, and they came from Adorama camera. After they arrived I discovered that the shipping cost was extremely high. Their policy is to charge shipping on each individual item, even though, of course, they are all sent in one package. I complained and got a partial refund on the charges, but the way they do it is clearly a rip-off.
Boy! I thought I'd seen good scissors before but these are in a whole different league. The moment I picked them up I knew that, as long as I didn't lose them, I'd never again have to buy another pair of scissors. These are industrial quality and a joy to hold and use. I'm delighted I decided to splurge on an expensive set of scissors.
Great yarn, price, packaging and service! I love Amazon for all my shopping needs.Lily Sugar'n Cream Yarn Solids Super Size-Hot Green; 6 Items/Order
I just needed a hole puncher. I am handicapped so I have very little hand strength. The sure-grip handles were a god-send. I also love the fact that there is a catch tray, built right into the punch, that prevents the little, paper circles that are cut out from flying everywhere until YOU empty them. Simple and effective; just great.
I received this as a gift, I am a novice and wanted to make pillows and curtains and simple things. I didn't expect much, but enough for my goals. Well, I practiced on old shirts and the machine did not always pull up the bobbin thread and forget about using a thicker/stronger thread, the machine can't handle it. As I folded over my "practice shirt" to simulate sewing 2 ends shut; it never once pulled the bobbin thread thru and I ended up frustrated and without a sewing machine, because I am sending it back for something better. If you want to mend broken seams, this maybe the machine for you, but if you are looking for anything else, turn another direction.
The red wasn't as dark as I thought it would be more lighter.The color was okay I did use it and does have a good wash out affect.
I bought this at a local store for $20. It seemed cute, so I bought it.My daughter was so excited to open the box! Last night, when we did, I realized what a piece of junk it was. It only sews one stitch length, so don't bother sewing anything but your basic cotton calico type fabrics (and it has trouble sewing through 4 layers, so don't think for a minute you're actually going to hem over a seam), it has no zig-zag, so don't plan on washing anything your child sews (the material will unravel) and it only speed control it has is low or high (the low speed could be scary for beginning adults, even) The presser foot has no pressure control, just on or off. The thread breaks constantly, the tension doesn't really adjust and the presser foot is so low in th "up" position that it's difficult to get the fabric under it.I am returning it today.Don't waste your $40, it's not even worth $20... I am highly considering getting an inexpensive full size machine instead.
Love this tool. The first one I order had problems. The handle broke the first time I used it. Called and the people they sent another handle and I had no other problems. Use it alot. You just have to know the limitations of the ring metals your working with. I would recommend it .
I had a tarnished silver necklace and used this product on it. Helped somewhat but would have required lots of work. I then used my well-used cloth from years ago and immediately, the necklace was shining beautifully. One or two wipes with my old cloth; dozens for this one. Will not buy again.
Was not happy with this. Very brittle paper, hard to use. Ended up throwing it away.Would not suggest anyone purchase
The throw ins are nice, but the lanyard itself is garbage. For the record, it's scoubidou, not boondoggle, which is fine in itself. It's that this kit is garbage. As an aside, if you want actual boondoggle, the flat lanyard,Rexlace Plastic Lacing 200 Feet-Assorted Colorsis what you're looking for.The peices in this tube are unevenly dyed and blotchy. It looks like these were spilled on, didn't take the dye properly, whatever, making them unsuitable for sale. The peices are about 2 foot long, which is a problem given most pattern call for around 5 feet per peice and joining just isn't a good idea. The size sugests to me these are mill ends. If I had to guess, these were destined to be thrown out as junk; then someone got the great idea to package them all together as a tube of super junk and sell it.If your kid wants to just make long runs of whatever and then throw it out, they'll enjoy this, but there are lower price, higher quaility alternatives out there. If your kid wants to make actual projects, they will be disappointed.
the product is nice, BUT the fabric is plain blank, so, u have to use the chart which is on the paper. count and figure out yourself everything.. which i don't like since it will take forever!!! i like preprinted fabric with the design to follow. it's much easier, more fun and faster. i won't return it anyhow, maybe when i have nothing to do, i'll embroider it, since it's pretty
This shrink film is wonderful stuff. Works well with my new pen set -BIC Mark-It Color Collection Ultra Fine Permanent Marker, Assorted, 36 Markers. The markers are strong/bold colors so I needed to keep this well in mind as the colors gets even stronger/darker as the project shrinks. This Graphix brand of shrink film is much cheaper than the name brand I used as a kid but the quality is the same though.This is really a fun way to spend a couple of hours for kids or adults too.
Not a very good product!!!!! When you let the thinner set in the pail for a lenght of time, the bottom eats away the seam. I found it better to go down to the local hardware store and buy one of their mixing buckets!
From the picture, this looked much more of a finer yarn than it is. It turned out bulky and unuseable and was not soft at all. Disappointed.
hello,the gagne light box is very well built. it is cool to the touch even after sorting hundreds of color slides. the design is very modern and fits with most modern desk items. the top is plexiglass and can be easily replaced if damaged. we will use it for drawing and tracing patterns when we are finished with our color slide sorting project. we were going to buy the photo slide sorter, but that has limitations. that product only does slides. this gagne product has a dual, maybe a triple purpose. color slide sorter, detailed pen and ink drawings, and transfers to different types of material. we are extremely happy with the product. you can't get any better service than from amazon and its affiliates.
Received product much sooner than expected; quality was great and nothing broken. Was exactly what I expected with no problems.
This is the first I've used rare earth magnets. They are very powerful! Really have to struggle to pull them apart. I'm using them on top of two metal cabinets to hold a fluorescent light fixture in place.
It beats going to the shoemaker for an added belt hole, or trying to do it some other dumb (wrong) way.This works fine for occasional use.(If you add holes to a belt it looks waaay better (to me) if you add all of the in-between holes --- and gives you that micrometer-comfort factor! (Especially if you have the need to tuck things inside the belt ...)
great tool to frost a cake in seconds with a lot less mess and time. A definite for all cake decorators and can be used for piping potatoes
Good project if you have time to work on it. If you take your time it comes out beautiful! Only complaint is it did not have enough sequins to complete the project. I had to write to the company. They did send me enough to complete, but it took time and it was rather annoying that they didn't provide the proper quantity to being with!
These watercolors are rich in color. Yet, they came to me cracked, powder everywhere, and it was not impressive. The tin it is in is very flimsy. I will just stick to my watercolors in tubes and never buy this kind again...
This Singer is no good. I have attempted sewing with this several times, and have unfortunaly been able to make only ONE successful line of stiching. I have played around with this so many times thinking that &quot;maybe this time it will work&quot; but it hasn't. I tried contacting Singer and got back a standard email that did not have anything to do with my question. Also, the instruction book that claims to be easy to read, explains things in a difficult manner, and the pictures that go along with it are no help. Therefore, I give up, and am taking it back.
This is a wonderful patch. I watched as Mumzy applied it to a favorite pair of jeans. The application was quite easy, and the patch stays on and on: Does not come apart. Singer is such an old and established company. One can not go wrong with Singer products. However, Mumzy did state,---that it was only for human use. Pussycats many not and can not use the patch in order to repair---fur damage! That,---is a no-no!!!Ko-Ko the Cat
I ordered this tip to use on my 5 year old son's Angry bird cake. Instead of having just a plain frosted cake, I really wanted to add some grass detailing on it. I am no expert on piping so I will admit I was a little nervous, but it was really easy to use and it fit my piping bags perfectly. I did wish it was a bit bigger only because I started getting a hand cramp toward the end of piping the cake! So it did take me a while to add the grass to the top of his 11x15 cake ( I think it was that big). But it really looked like grass and my son was very very excited about his cake, which makes it worth the extra effort just seeing his reaction!! Really good addition to any intermediate or professional cake decorators tools!!!!
These bottles are ideal for my next craft project. The price is good as well. I am thinking about purchasing more, just to have them on hand.
I bought this to dye a scarf i had my fav color pink, to match my hat and gloves. The instructions were simple and the color came out beautifully. The only problem is the color came out much lighter than expected. Its a soft baby pink, not a deep pink as described.
I use rotary blades for decorative cuts used in art quilts. I own both Fiskars and Olfa cutters, as well as several blades for each as I needed a variety of cuts of my artwork. All rotary cutters are used on quilt quality cotton fabrics.Both Fiskars and Olfa provide a high quality rotary cutter, but Olfa appears to require slightly less pressure to create a clean cut. I would attribute it to the sharpness of the blade and possible to the shape of the handle of the cutter itself.I re-sharpen my straight edge rotary blades, however with pinking blades you have to buy new ones as they become dull. A new sharp blade makes work easier!
It is a good product. We had fun using it. The measurement were in ounces/grams so we had to do some conversions to get the right amounts of water and powder, but overall it was what we were looking for.
This is very good machine to use at and small business. I love its (the machine) and the way Amazon.com run their business (very fast - on time). And the most important is no TAX!!!, and low shipping fee.Thank you "Brother" and "Amazon.com"
Great price,easy to use, the speed control pedal takes some getting use to though. All things considered a good all around machine.
Wish the range in sizes had started a couple of sizes down otherwise I really like it, and I can improvise.
I got this for my sister. They also sell them at Barnes and Noble.
September 28, 2005, New York, New York:On September 22, 2005, Singer terminated its License Agreement with Tactica International, Inc. Yesterday, Singer filed a lawsuit in federal court in New York seeking, among other things, an injunction barring Tactica from further sales of Singer and Lazer branded products, including the Lazer Storm vacuum. Singer sought this injunction to stop further sales by Tactica because of complaints it is receiving from consumers concerning Tactica. The court today issued a temporary restraining order prohibiting Tactica, effective immediately, from selling or advertising products bearing the Singer or Lazer names or trademarks, including Tactica's Lazer Storm and other products in its Lazer line. The order permits Tactica to continue to make a certain number of limited additional shipments, through October 4, 2005, to customers who have already ordered and paid for their product but have not yet received it. Customers who ordered Lazer Storm vacuums or other products from Tactica may continue to contact Tactica about those products. Tactica's email address is customercare@igia.com and its toll-free customer service number is 800-716-8667 (business hours 9 A.M. to 5 P.M. EDT).Consumer Affairs800-474-6437talktous@singerco.com
I was hoping for more color choices on the wheel. It helps coordinate colors but only gives different shades of basic colors. It is good quality.
Always a high-quality product. I plan to experiment with using it with watercolors instead of acrylics this time. I gave one less star because the matte, which I prefer, wasn't shown as available until after I'd ordered the gloss.
In my frantic search for Christmas gifts, I inadvertly put this in my cart. When it arrived, my husband said it was to cheap to put in the gift bag. Not wanting to return it, I gave to our 3 year grandson. Well, that child loved it. Just goes to show it is not the cost or the fact that is made out of plastic. It caught his eye and he played with it for over an hour. AND, it was the only toy that he asked to take out of the bag immediately. It made our Christmas even more special seeing the happiness through the eyes of a child.
&#34;30X&#34; definition is very misleading. Makes the buyer think that it has 30 times magnification, which it definitely does not. Also, the pictorial shows a gold color finish, when actually, it is silver color.Two examples of blatantly false advertizing.I won't buy from these sellers again.I wonder why Amazon continues to allow them to advertise.
As a graduate student doing research for my thesis, I have a lot of paper to punch and put in binders. I bought this punch mostly because it was inexpensive and fit in my desk drawer. While it isn't totally useless, it is flimsy and prone to jams. It will routinely take only about four or five pages at a time without jamming (it depends on paper thickness), and once jammed it is sometimes hard to get the paper out of the punch without ripping. A second problem is that of chads. Until the 2000 election, I didn't know what the little partially detached pieces of paper not cut by the punch were called, but now I am unhappy to report that, thanks to this punch, I too have problems with hanging chads!Swingline makes a lot of great office products, but if I had to do it over again, I would buy a better grade of punch. Unless you only have one page to punch here and there, this punch is not really up to the job.
The product appears to work. Kit is sort of a misnomer, I built a box to store the components. The instruction are near impossible to read even with a fairly good magnifying glass.
I was disappointed with the quality of the pens and ink. The ink runs and the enclosed material was not that good. I also purchased The Complete Caligraphy Set (Readers Digest - Ann Bowen) and all though it uses dip pens, it turns out that they work MUCH better and the material was excellent. For the price, I cannot knock this kit too much, but truthfully, I probably will never use this set. The ink is runny, the nibs are too hard and I just could not control the ink flow. Stick with dip pens and some good bottle ink.
I really like these snips that I use on my boats bait and rigging station. Once you get used to the lock system, they work really well and cut braid, dacron and mono cleanly!
Sews great but had problems with bobbin winder not working properly. Needed to lubricate winder to get it to work.
I received these from my Aunt who purchased them and was disappointed with them and when I said it was a cool concept she let me have them. The scissors themselves work like you would expect from your run of the mill scissors however the laser guide is just gimmicky. The problem with the laser guidance system is that if you turn the scissors slightly the line moves with it so it serves absolutely no purpose. For that reason alone I could not give this a good score however I gave it one extra then the 1 star the laser guidance system would warrant because the scissor portion is perfectly functional.
great audio books.i have received all these books and listened to the ones i marked. i will review the rest as i listen to them
I revived some of the refills that will not fit down into the needle and 1 BUTTONEER that one of the needles came off & bent the first time I tried to use it. It is no good on thicker material. I gave up on putting buttons on the waist line of pants to hold suspenders & am using needle & thread.
This crewel kit is wonderful. It is much more beautiful that the picture shows you. It is VERY well organized - the threads are numbered and housed in a fashion that you don't have to get eye-strain trying to figure out which colors are which. The finished product is fabulous. The tones in the background and in the work itself lend it to many options for matting and framing.
Drips non-stop when idle. I don't know what I could possibly be doing wrong because there are absolutely no adjustments to make. I am using the 3M Polygun AE II Glue Sticks. The glue gets EXTREMELY hot, definitely hot enough to burn you, and I see no reason it should need to be that hot. I bought this because of the glowing reviews. I am disappointed, and suspicious. Although I am generally a fan of 3m products, I see nothing to justify the high price tag. I should also mention that no glue sticks are included (one would have been nice) and there isn't even an ON/OFF switch. (Don't even think about a temperature setting.)
I should have paid attention to some of the other reviews. The backing is VERY weak so you cannot simply stand it on an easel. You need to have something that attaches it to the easel or it falls over. Paper quality is fine but the backing is useless. I would not purchase it again.
Received items one or two days later than expected. All items received. Would shop at site again for similar items that are needed.
I bought this to help make my own picture frames. The razors are extremely sharp! I don't use it anymore because I have no idea how to, I can't cut a straight line worth mounting.
Really like the look and feel of the finished prints. Very good gamut. Prints are beautiful. Uses photo black ink.
I got this for my niece for christmas and, according to my sister, my niece was very excited about this gift. As far as how well the stamps hold up or if the ink pad was good or not I can't say as I am not there to ask my niece about it. But I'm sure they are just fine, at least for a young girl.
The new blade was easy to install and gave my paper cutter new life. The order came quickly and I was able to complete my project right away.
i got a rock tumbler years ago and we tried and tried to get it to work. in the end, we ran out of parts. it took us years to find a refill kit, but i got one for christmas this year. I was excited to finally use my tumbler, but the box had absolutely no directions. why would a product like that not have directions? i can't believe the company would do something that senseless.
So I purchased an air brush, quick release and this braided air hose. The air brush and quick release work well they screw together fine. The hose? forget it. The small end just does not fit into anything save your money and get something else. Now I need to figure out what works with what. OK maybe my fault but darn it I want to use this now
I use to borrow my mom's machine for the rare times I had a need for a sewing machine - then I moved 400 miles away. I am strictly a novice when it comes to sewing, but wanted something that would be easy to use when I needed it. I had 11 curtain panels I wanted to make for a porch and this looked like it would do the job. It arrived very well packaged in the original manufacturers packaging. All of the needed parts were included to begin sewing. The directions are a little fuzzy - but I attribute that to my lack of knowledge about sewing in general. I knocked out the curtains in no time flat. There are a lot of things this machine can do if I, the operator, take the time to learn how to do them. All in all I am quite pleased with the machine and the quality and performance. Great price. Hope to try and broaden my horizons with a bit of knowledge and see what else I can manage. I would recommend without question.
I bought this because I just needed to hem several pairs of pants for my daughter who has short legs. It is horrible! Its impossible to get the material set, you can't use pins to hold what you want to sew, it will only sew extremely thin material which it then tends to bunch up, impossible to keep a straight line...I could go on and on. I wish I had read these reviews first before I bought it in a store.
This is the worse plastic cutter that I purchased from Amazon, It does not cut. I buy it because of looking good grip design and may easy to hold while cutting the plastic sheet, but the knife does not sharp enough to cut into the surface of plastic. It just a waste of my money.
Was concerned about the quality (price) but was pleasantly surprised in the end. This set of tools has conquered a small set of gunsmithing tasks and I can attest that these stood up quite well to milled aluminum and other metals. For the price I expected these to die under their work load but they've become part of the tool set. They might not last forever but I already got my money's worth, and they still have maybe another few projects in them, the rest is just icing on the cake!
Please, if you are trying to get into calligraphy, DO NOT purchase this product. I got it because carrying around a dip pen and ink well just isn't possible all the time (especially if I'm just practicing in between classes in the library). I knew the ink was crap, but it was just for practice, nothing fancy or permanent.When I first plugged in the ink cartridge, it worked fine after the ink started to flow. No dripping, a little scratchy, but it worked. I placed my pen down, went to go grab a drink, and returned to find that, in that short span of time, the ink had dried up in the nib, preventing flow! It literally took less than five minutes for this pen to break under exposure to air. If you know calligraphy, you know that yes, you will wander off to get water, or check a stroke. You cannot have a pen that cannot cease usage for such a short span of time.I know that the warranty promises to replace the pen if there is any fault found (and boy is this ever a huge one), but it's simply not worth it. I'm going to track down a felt calligraphy marker instead, and use that for my practice from now on.
i bought this marker set as gift for my boyfriend and he LUVS it! he set theyre the best markers he's ever had.
If you use two strands of a super bulky yarn as one, you will get a terrific product. Chenille is great when you use two strands as one. It makes as very plush, thick product. The widest loom is adequate to make a baby blanket. The smallest is perfect for a scarf.Having said that, I have another rectangular loom that I purchased at our local craft store. It had better directions. That's what made this product work for me. Perhaps try one from a craft store with really good directions before using this would help. If you know a little bit of what you're doing, you will get a terrific product from these looms.
This yarn is soft but that is the best I can say about it. I crocheted a baby blanket with it and thought I would never get through the project. There were long sections of the yarn where the splitting and bunching up of fibers was so bad I felt like I was trying to manipulate clouds of cobwebs. I had to press on because there was no way of determining by sight or touch where the bad areas began and ended. If I could have known I would have cut the bad sections out. I had to re-do stitches two, three, even four or five times in spite of proceeding VERY slowly and with extreme care . On another web site there were many negative reviews of this yarn but there were good ones too and the few reviews on Amazon were favorable so I decided to go ahead and order. Big mistake. The tediousness and frustration of working with this yarn displaced the enjoyment of creating the blanket and this was a blanket for my first grandson so you gotta' figure things had to be pretty bad to crush the pleasure of making this blanket. Maybe the yarn works well for knitting. I threw the left over yarn in the trash and that's saying something considering what a penny pincher I am. I hope if I am some day compelled to make another baby item that there are other easier to work with soft yarns available
I am a very avid sewer. I make hats, purses, accessories and clothing. I need scissors that do what I ask. I had a pair of Fiskars left handed scissors, but because of a short term memory problem could not for the life of me find them. I thought perhaps it was time for a change in my scissor choice.I can not cut as smoothly with this pair of scissors. If I cut through one piece of material, the scissors cuts fine. When I cut through two layers of fabric, anywhere from cotton to chiffon the scissors stutters. I had them sharpened and this did improve some of the cutting ability. I still miss my Fiskars which despite their inexpensiveness worked great for me.
I've been buying these regularly for the past seven years or so at the local big-box office supply store -- so you can imagine my elation at finding them cheaper online!The only problem: the black pen was dry. Bummer.But otherwise, these all seem full of ink and work perfectly. I love the way these pens write -- fine tip, no smudging, fun colors.I'd highly recommend them!
I'm very happy with the color wheel. I just wish that i could have gotten them both at the same time. Because i ended up buying two Harmonize wheel.
I bought this skein of yarn to complete a project I had previously started and was unable to buy this yarn at a local store as they were no longer carrying Shadows.
The link remover is made of plastic. However the push pin itself is made of metal. The wrench remover is made of metal. However, it was very very difficult to adjust the prong width on the tool. I would not buy and would not recommend anyone else to buy.
Fiance was gonna use this for her shirt after our wedding. After the transfer, quite a few of the stones didn't stay and had to be glued on with fabric glue. She got a little glue on the shirt, tried to scratch it off, and made a small hole in the shirt. The shirt ended up in the trash. Wasn't a good day for the already stressed soon to be bride. Anyway, be prepared to glue some of the stones on if you buy this. At least it was relatively cheap...
This is needed when the paper is too thin to just lift off, as I can with cardstock. However, it is so thick that it still isn't ideal. I use my paint pallete knife, it works even better.
This was perfect for the project I needed to do. It simply enlarged a small sketch (3.5x3.5 inch- this is the maximum size of the opening where you place the image under the projector, although you may be able to simply move the projector along a larger sized image, sketching out one section at a time) and projected it across the room to a much larger scale (about 4 foot tall- see the uploaded horse painting photo). The focus is adjustable by turning the black part on the front of the projector. I have not yet tried to see what the maximum size is that could be projected without compromising clarity, but I am sure it is greater than 10x (35 inches)- I suspect 20x (70 inches) would easily be possible and one would only be limited by the length of the room as to how far back the projector could be placed.It was very economically priced, came with a compact fluorescent bulb already installed and was ready to use right out of the package. I read some very detailed reviews on here of very elaborate adaptations made to the projector to enhance its performance. In my opinion, none of these modifications are necessary to use this projector and get great results. However, I suppose it is nice to know that you could modify it as necessary to suit your specific needs.I did read all the reviews, and many stated to use it only in the dark, so that is what I did and it worked great. I have not tried it in the daylight, so I cannot say what it performs like in well lit areas, but it is more than sufficiently bright at night.
I ordered several of these. The photo showed the stones glued in place -- but that was inaccurate. The stones were loose in the small plastic packing bags. No instructions or glue was supplied that would enable the purchaser to set them in the metal frame. I returned them.
I'm not sure if other reviewers are using older models, or weak bulbs or what, but I just bought mine and tried it out and I have to say that it's a GREAT little projector! I put an energy-efficient 120V bulb inside, which is strong but not as hot as a regular bulb. After a little fiddling with the focus, I was able to get a nice sharp picture on my wall, in a room that was darkened but not totally black (I had an ambient lamp on a few feet away, which did not interfere with the projection's image at all). For the price I was able to get this item for (half off with a coupon at the craft store), it was a GREAT buy. Yes, it does heat up after ten minutes, which is why I put a room fan right next to it, blowing on the machine to keep it cool. I don't know why everyone is saying you have to use it in a perfectly dark room, though! I have it on right now and I got a great color image out of a book projected onto a blank wall, with the corner lamp still on. The image I was projecting also contained a lot of subtle color shades and dark shadows, and they came out just fine. No high-contrast-only images needed, like some other reviews suggest. The only thing I was disappointed with is that the included bulb came smashed, but that's more due to poor handling of the product, not the product itself.I give this little projector a thumbs up. I was wary of buying one after the reviews and ready to return it in case it was a bad buy, but I'm impressed that it turned out much better than I expected!
I was searching for a good dye for nylon, the product says it is great. I tried it, did everything it asked, and no good results, poor product.
Arrived in original box, sealed. Product does not work. I tried two different sets of batteries that worked in other appliances. Scissors would not work.
very good did not bunch up or slip. nice clear job of printing. will reorder this brand again when needed.
This sewing machine is fine for my purpose in buying it - a lightweight machine to use for small sewing tasks when visiting my father. I need to repair seams, re-hem, other little jobs that I have been doing by hand on my visits. I don't think I'd try to make a whole new garment - the machine is very light (which was the point for me in buying it) and a little rickety, but for an experienced seamstress it's usable and useful for repair jobs.
The stamps are cute but the stamp pad is not great. The top dose not latch on so have to use a rubberband to keep it closed. I guess it is worth what I paid for it.
What a shame that such a pathetic product is manufactured in this age of technology. First of all, sewing machines have included a little electric light since the 40's. With all of the intricacies of just threading this machine, a light should be required by law.The instruction book, which was written with rocket scientists in mind, details "loop around at 3:00, then again at 6:00.." You should try to see the miniscule loop positions.I received the machine today after a week of anticipation, spent 2-1/2 hours of diligently reading and following the instructions, and now I cannot wait until tomorrow to return it.
I was pleased with these needles. They fit my machine and everything was fine until i hit the seam areas. Needles were OK. My machine didn't have enought power.
I recently purchased this rack to help me organize my threads spools and bobbins. The rack is well made and not flimsy. No dowels came out after about 6 months of active use. It helps me organize my threads in a nice neat way. It can hold thread spools of different sizes, and I can also fit two bobbins on each dowel. Note that the dowels are too short to hold the large spools.The reason I am not rating it 5 stars is that I wanted to hang it on the wall and it did not have any hardware that made it possible. I tried putting on my own hardware eyes on it, but it was impossible. You can not put the rack down flat because you would break the thread dowels. I wound up hanging it by making loops with a cord, which I hung on the hangers attached to the wall, but it looks ugly. It would have been so easy to add loops at the factory just give the consumer an option of how to use it. I was a bit annoyed that they did not think of this.Other than that it is an excellent rack. The quality of construction is better than the other thread racks I have tried in the past.
I have been struggling with this stuff - I cannot get the backing to come off easily. What a pain. Maybe I have a defective roll . . . I'm going to take it back and get glue or something easier to work with.
This product is just what I needed to organize my photos. It takes up considerably less room than photo albums and you can just pull out the sleeve you want. I would highly recommend this to anyone that wants to organize their photos.
I have had this sewing machine for 5+ years. I've made dog clothes, dog/cat beds, an applique quilt, and a few small things like cat toys and small stuffed animals. I'm definitely still a beginner but I have had minimal problems with this sewing machine in the time I've had it. I love the fact that the directions for threading the machine, threading a bobbin and replacing the empty bobbin are written right on the machine. I lost the manual a while ago and have been able to look at it to refresh my memory. The only issue I had was while using the zig zag stitch, it would sometimes do two zig zags and then one to two straight stitches. I'm not sure if that was user error or the machine's error. I'm upgrading to a Singer 7258 (for some added features and as a gift to myself) but am definitely going to keep this around for throwing it into the car to take to the family's place (we craft together a few times a year :)...).
I bought these for my 4 year old, to try out scissors. I figured they would be easy for him to use and just the right size.They don't work well. The paper gets caught in the scissors and it's quite frustrating.Also hes not coordinated enough to hold paper AND cut at the same time.They don't cut well.I wouldn't recommend these; a waste of money. These were recommended by someone who's child has tried them/they worked well: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0013NDVCM/ref=ox_sc_act_title_1?ie=UTF8&m;=ATVPDKIKX0DER so I plan on getting those to try out.
In spite of the trauma of my youth I decided it was time to buy a sewing machine to do a few of those sewing projects I have always dreamed about.This machine is easy to learn how to use. Threading is easy (one of my previous nightmares). It is light weight and easy to move around while at the same time it stays put even when sewing heavy materials.A great entry level machine
I like to knit, so when I saw this item on Amazon, I bought it because of the beautiful colors.The item could not be used for knitting! The width is approx 1/4 inch. The product is beautiful, but using it to knit, the discription is missleading. I tried to knit the scarf pattern,the product was too wide to use as yarn. I offered it to a friend, she declined the offer, saying "no thank you, that is not yarn, it is ribbon!" I gave the 3 balls I purchased to my daughter-in-law, she plans on using it to tie around presents.The product is made by Lyon. On the inside of the Lion Lable Lyon also provides instructions on how to knit a scarf with the product. In their dreams!!! Had I known the width of the "yarn" I never would have purchased it.
I just received this but its for my daughter for Christmas. It seems like a really cute toy, bigger then I expected it to be. Seems a little flimsy but we will see how it washes up when she draws all over it. If you remember Puffalumps this is the same material so it may wash up well. For the most part I think shes gonna love it.
I bought this machine as it had a good price, and I wanted more variety of stiches, and some other modern features. My first project was a fleece baby bunting, but even though the fabric wasn't very thick, it didn't always seem to feed very well. And at the junction of seems where there were several layers, I had to "walk" it by hand (turn the wheel myslelf slowly for each stich.) And when I was inserting the zipper, I noticed the foot will be either on the right or left, but there is no way to set the distance from the zipper, like every other machine I have used. Zippers come in many different sizes!My second project was to sew some clear vinyl covers for appliances. What a pain! It was just a medium weight vinyl I bought at the fabric store, but it kept sticking to the machine, and would barely feed at all. The stiches were very uneven, and there were big loops of thread in the seam. I finally gave up and got out my trusty old White sewing machine. That old girl sewed the vinyl like a dream.I think the problem is that there's no pressure regulator, which controls how much pressure there is on the pressure foot. And when I was basting on the fleeece fabric, the longest stich was pretty short. Again, if the foot had more pressure, it may have been different.My review isn't totally negative. I'm probably going to enjoy this machine with ordinary fabrics, and I'm sure I'll have fun with the fancy stiches. Hopefully it will let me express my creativity. I wil defintely use the blind hemming, etc.. (My old machine only has straight and zigzag.) Threading was very easy, as was changing the zipper foot and putting in the bobbin. Not having to oil it will be nice, and I like the long warranty. The manual was pretty clear. I'm sure this is a good choice for beginners, and many other sewers. But if you're very experienced like I am and used to being able to adjust your machine to the task you're doing, you might be as frustrated as I was. I don't think I'll even try it with denim or canvas, unless it's just one seam. I wonder how it will handle something like slippery silk. I think it was worth the price I paid, but glad I've kept my sturdy old White machine too.
I wanted to create calendars for our family. I found this a good deal for the printer (I have Lexmark Z54) and for the requirement. I had taken 5 calendars out of this and it works good for the double-side calendar. I could get an excellent finish. Color rendering is perfect and I did not find any smudging or bloating. The thickness is fine enough for a double-sided output.I also found Matte finish better than Glossy in case of inkjet printers, especially this one, the best.I would definitely recommend this product.
I am new to Serging. I am working on a big project for Days For Girls, Int. I couldn't afford a Babylock, but this one was within my budget. What I love? It works Well and is easy to operate, love the speed of Serging.. I was terrified of threading it, but did it successfully on my first attempt. There a great You Tube video a woman made with even more Lear directions. She point out all the potential pitfalls.
I bought this for my 8 year old niece for Christmas as she wants to learn to sew. We're still working on basic hand-sewing right now, but I've tested the machine out and feel it's a decent starter sewing machine. It offers enough stitching selections, and I like the small built-in storage case, though it's not terribly practical (you have to keep your spare parts and bobbins in a ziplock bag otherwise they'll spill out when you remove the case). The one thing I definitely wish were better: the foot pedal speed. It's almost impossible to get it to run slow and that will be difficult for an 8-year old to manage. That being said, it was only $60 and I give that a good value for a basic starter machine.
I alway put the lid back on this product when i am not using it, and yet still it keeps drying out! the next time i go to use it i take the lid off and it's all dry.
This book allows you to progress step by step from beginner to fairly expert, garment by garment. The explanations and pictures are very helpful. The patterns and gauges are given for Debbie Bliss's own line of cotton yarn - I used another brand of washable baby wool yarn and it came out beautifully. The baby models in this book are adorable.
The new safety feature that requires an upward push on the striking lever before pushing inward causes a significant usability problem, three or more attempts are required to get a flame. The old design worked fine for 15 years.Unhappy.
I know absolutly nothing about this item. My girlfriend says to me she needed one to fit our Singer sewing machine. I Googled it, and it brought me here. We recieved it, she was excited, and I still have know idea what it does. So... sorry about that.
Nice wood, nice smell, not to big but perfect for a smaller studio. The instructions could be a little clearer and there is some assembly required. I am looking forward to using it.
The triangle was as expected, and it arrived quite quickly. I need to have a beveled edge which it had.
I purchased this sewing machine for my 7 year old daughter for Christmas. This was her big gift from Santa and she was so excited when she opened it. I spent the better part of Christmas day trying to get the lower thread to set. The removable bobbin shuttle is not the problem, the problem is that the thread simply will not catch. The instructions are unhelpful and after various online searches (YouTube, etc.) it seems I am not the only one with this issue. My daughter was in tears at the end of the day and since it was a Santa gift she wanted to know why it wasn't working. You let me down Brother! This machine left me with no solution but to pack it up and ship it back. I'm not new to sewing machines, my grandmother made prom and graduation dresses and I remember sitting with her old Singer and watching her sew for hours. That said, I consider myself to be a beginner and purchased this machine with confidence that the setup woult be simple. It was not so. I would not recommend for a beginner.I'm looking for a good, easily threaded machine, if anyone would like to recommend one.
I found that the Pioneer Family Treasures Deluxe E-Z Load 12" X 12" Memory Book was a great buy! It was perfect for what I needed and the quality I got. This is my fist memory book and won't be my last. I use it mostly for the newspaper articles from my college newspaper and pictures of special events that my school has put on. It gets passed around and is serving its purpose well! I would definitely think twice before getting anything else!
I don't know anything about painting with watercolors so thought this would be good to take to my beginners class. It has most everything you need to get started, but the brushes &#34;shed&#34;. Perhaps all brushes do when they are new. I don't know but it is annoying to have to pick the hairs off your work. A good enough selection of colors and variety of brushes. I like that it has a built in brush holder. Would I buy it again? No, better to buy just a few good colors and a few good brushes as needed as you go along.
What the packaging fails to say is that it takes this product about a month to make a semi-precious gemstone out of a rough rock. "But", they say, once you get inside to the instruction manual, "it takes Nature thousands of years to achieve this, and you can do it in just 30 days".IMHO, this is a part of Nature's job description, and she's got countless streams and brooks to do the work. They also get the job done a lot more quietly, and they clean up after themselves.In this imitation of life, you have to leave the tumbler running for almost a month, stopping only to clean out the gunk, wash the machine and chuck in a new size of grit. The motor only pulls 10 Watts, but the constant noise can be extremely irritating, and the clean-up is very messy.I don't know about you, but a month is much too long to produce a smooth stone that looks nothing like the fancy stones on the box, especially after enduring the noise, cleaning up the mess and answering ad nauseam the "Is it done yet?' question.As Jim Croce would have sang, if there were different lyrics for "Time in a Bottle"If I would shake stones in this tumblerThe first thing that I'd have to doIs to tumble away`til the thirty days passes awayJust to see them get smoothIf I could make kids wait foreverTo see if their gemstones come throughI'd spend every day with my earplugs and thenAgain, I'd go clean out the gooBut there never seems to be enough timeTo smooth the rocks you want to shineOnce you find themI've used the grit enough to knowIt oozes out through every holeAs it finds themIf I had a dime for each productThat works as you think it should doMy box would be emptyExcept for the memoryOf dimes from 1972In summary, forget this messy, noisy toy and go for a nature walk instead. It really is better not to mess with Mother Nature.Amanda Richards, December 30, 2007
After 20 years of sewing, this is my first dressform... as such, it's opened up a world of convenience to me and promises to greatly improve the fit of my garments. BUT, the instructions are worthless! Glyphs instead of text, and the instructions for three markedly different dressforms are included on one page and are hard to distinguish. I've mostly figured out how to adjust it. But, although the box and ad for my dressform say that I should be able to adjust the back length (a must for me, I'm long-waisted,) I have yet to succeed at changing the factory setting. I e-mailed the manufacturer (not the seller) last week and they have not yet responded with any guidance. Disappointing!!
I USED to enjoy my Singer 7442 I got at Walmart a year ago, but ever since the LED light bulb went out, I've changed my mind. The machine light is SUPPOSED to last for 100,000 HOURS, however, mine didn't. I emailed the company only to get the reply that I needed to take the machine to a repair center and perhaps, the repair "assembly repair/replacement" (not just a plain light bulb), would be covered under the warranty. On the list I was emailed, I didn't see any close centers listed. All were miles and miles and hours and hours away from my home. Plus, I would need to show my original receipt. Let me get this straight. OK, so I have to drive miles and miles,several hours, spending oodles on gas, with perhaps the repair being covered? What if the machine needs to stay overnight? Should I reserve a nearby hotel room as well? Singer should be ashamed of this machine. I should be able to have the "assembly", mailed to me, and I could have the local repair guy fix my machine. No more Singers for me. Beware, unless you are able to sew in the dark...
This product works amazing, holds well, and does not gum up your machine. Be sure to check out this youtube video for how to use this product.
This really is a pretty pattern, and I'm looking forward to finishing and framing it. My complaint, if you can call it that, is that there is more embroidery on here than I was expecting, as opposed to cross-stitching. I generally prefer straight cross-stitch. It's really my fault for not looking at the product more closely before ordering it. My only other complaint is that I wish the fabric were just a bit sturdier.
This xacto kit is great! I bought it to cut some high impact polystyrene. This product shipped to me in San Francisco in two days! Really fast ship. I am very happy.
when i received this i was so excited. there are good and not so good things about this product. pros include price, spools, scissors. cons small quantity of pins, bobbins( im guessing the bobbins may work for a singer sewing machine but for my brother machine it did not)
this was a very reasonable priced iten and it was what I needed having new pants that need to be himmed this is the right thing
Apparently, I missed all of the other feedback given when I ordered this. This is a scam- description says that it is a pack of six, but you only receive one. I did not even try to rectify the situation, based on what I read from all of the other buyers who have left comments. I just returned my one canvas, and I will go to a legitimate art supply store.
I originally bought a larger 4-fret stamp, but it was too large, so I bought this one, and so far, it has worked great. It is too small to identify which finger to use on each 'dot', but that is not an issue, I know which fingers to use, I just sometimes forget which fret and which string, and this takes care of that very well.
this is not what I expected, I wanted a shorter reel as far as height goes, it is hard to store and heavy, I hardly use the stuff I wanted the paer to be not so tall.
i really liked this machine until my needle clamp went awol during a move. since this is a mass-marketed low-end machine, singer does not market replacement parts for it, and nobody's willing to help. my local sewing store has a lot of machines lying around for parts; that's my only hope at this point. caveat emptor.
They are huge, and fun for kids to play with! I was planning on putting them in my crocheted hats, but thier a little cheap looking (plastic) I may be able to use some!
I bought this product bc I had just started working with leather. It worked for about a month before the turning punch part got crooked & now the tool is useless. It is good for really thin leather but any thick leather, it doesn't even punch all the way through. Not recommended for serious leather working.
I'm sitting here with my last remaining scraps of an old Avery brand dry erase sheet product I purchased years ago and this product that I ordered recently. One expo marker. I can easily erase the marker from the ancient Avery sheet, hardly any comes off of the new sheet. I've tried expo cleaner, alcohol, acetone, vinegar, windex, 409, water and lots of elbow grease. What good is a dry erase surface that doesn't erase?
Like other people I was hooked in by the price and the fact that it's SINGER, and my young daughter only wanted to do some basic sewing, nothing fancy.We got this for Christmas for our daughter and thought she'd be able to make something small - no such luck.Luckily we had purchased a few other things on her Christmas list. But we're taking this thing back and will gladly double or triple our budget for something that works.
I bought these for the mandalas I color as a therapy release...I love bright saturated colors but these are so soft that I can't really get the look I'm going for without the product looking cakey.As I used the pencils and proceeded to sharpen them I found that many leads were broken inside the pencil shaft! So frustrating to waste color over and over!I'm sure these are fantastic for people who sketch but these weren't quite what I was hoping for.
There's a variety of durable stencils in a nice case. Add a few small colored pencils and it's perfect forhome or travel
the lid did not fit snugly, so it leaks unless everything is just perfect. Solved by putting a piece of plastic wrap under the lid before attaching. Motor is a bit loud. Would have been nice to have a couple of extra sets of polishing supplies provided so didn't have to re-order immediately. But in the end, it works.
It says flat out in the instructions that zippers with broken boxes/pins CANNOT be fixed. This would have been handy information to include in the product description for those of us who are not zipper experts. In my experience, the box (the main bottom part of the zipper on the slider side) falling off is the main reason WHY a slider comes off, so I really question the usefulness of this kit. I suppose if you're just dealing with a broken tooth or a missing slider with the box still intact, this kit may work for you. Otherwise, it is a waste of money.
We ordered the 6-pack for Christmas and only received one canvas. The actual title of the product says "6pack". This company is incredibly deceitful! We would never pay $40 for one canvas!
My level of sewing is advanced. I am self taught. I sew all kinds of things for all kinds of people. I use many types of fabrics from thin to thick. I noticed that there aren't a lot of recent reviews on this machine so I wanted to make sure others had something current.I have a basic machine and was looking to upgrade to a digital type. I didn't have a lot of money to spend so when I received an amazon gift card for my birthday I started looking at machines. This machine had all the cool features I was looking for in other more expensive models.When I received this machine in the mail, I quickly unwrapped it and set it up. It was easy. Any avid sewer could figure it out. The machine is feather light. It is mostly made out of plastic. My expectations of this machine was too high. I think the most sturdy part was the cover that came with it.I love that the digital part shows which foot to use with what stitch. I loved the automatic button hole maker. It was simple. Until the tension gave me hell!My biggest problem is that it does have tension problems!! I have never had tension problems like this one. I have never had to adjust the tension as often as I did on this machine. One side would be perfect and the other all loopy. It didn't handle thicker fabrics well either, but what do you expect for a machine mostly made out of plastic. I hated it. I had it for 5 days and sent it packing.The most positive thing about this was the return to amazon. It was so simple and fast. No questions asked. I sent it back on a Monday and had a full refund on Wednesday. Amazon deserves a high five for that! Hope this helps anyone.
The album I purchased came from the Amazon warehouse so it was new. And it is perfect for my needs. I am organizing old photos & this was exactly what I needed. I highly recommend it.
Very cute product. The only problem I have is that it looks so cheaply made when you hold it. The picture makes it look much better than in person.
I am very pleased with this set it comes with exactely the same things you wood get in the exacto kit minus the wooden case . Honestly I cant really tell much of a diffrence between this set and my exacto set except I saved 20 bucks.Now you will have to order more blades since the kit only comes with one blade in each size , but you would have had to do that regardless and the handles do accomodate exacto blades so its really a win /win.*****UPDATE********OK I gotta admit I was a bit blind when I got the set , I was so pleased by how it looked and the price that I missed the old adage you get what you pay for . The blades that come with the set are extremely thin I didnt realize just how thin till i started to use them . I am only cutting through regular foam board and corrugated cardboard to make dioramas and these blades bend with the pressure you need to apply to get through the paper leaving a diagonal cut instead of the straight cut you should get . So if your just cutting paper or neeeded some extra handles ok this is it but if your doing any kind of hobby that requires precise straight cuts these are not for you .I dont blame the seller they gave me exactley what I paid for .
I ordered this item and waited six months for it to arrive. At this time it arrived with the glass pain completely shattered. Understanding that sometimes these things happen, I shipped it back and re-ordered the item. The second time it was delivered it came with a broken frame. Once again, I shipped it back and re-ordered it. Third times a charm? Not for me. Once again, the entire thing was mangled. I can't help but feel that this item is either poorly constructed and/or poorly packed for shipping. Either way: I would avoid ordering this item.
On Black Friday, I purchased this one first. Then latter, there was a Singer that I had been seriously looking at. I bought that too. Seeing how I can only sew on one machine at a time......I returned this one. Hope I made the right choice. The women in my family were ALL Singer fans. I'm carrying on the tradition!
You think &#34;2 pounds, Wow! That's a lot!&#34; It really isn't. Next time I will buy two bags!. You could probably stuff a large amount in two medium sized toys or several small toys.
FIRST TIME USER> Very easy to use, plus the instructions puts your mind at ease. However, it's a bit irritating that the thread breaks every 10 minutes and it doesn't work on some materials. I love making costumes and since most of those fabrics are not cotton, I considered returning it. I'm giving it a 3 because I kinda wish it had less functions too - all I need is to do basic stitching - perhaps I bought the wrong machine for my needs.
I SENT ONE MACHINE BACK BECAUSE IT DID NOT HAVE MY NAME ON IT. BUT ONE DAY I WENT BACK TO AMAZON STILL LOOKING FOR A SEWING MACHINE. THIS BROTHER XL26001 CAUGHT MY EYE WITH A DROP IN BOBBIN,AND AN EASY THREADING SYSTEM. I WAS AFRAID TO JUMP IN AND DO IT OR WHAT? WELL I THREADED IT AND DROPPED IN MY BOBBIN. I MADE A DRESS WITHIN AN HOUR. WHAT MAKES IT FASTER IS ONE OF THESE BOBBIN WINDER WHICH I AM SURE AMAZON HAS SOME. THIS MACHINE IS MY CROWING GLORY-NOT ONE BROKEN THREAD. WITH AMAZON AND THIS MACHINE I FEEL SO HAPPY AND BLESSED.
What I received was not what is pictured. It is all one size brush not a variety pack and they are not nice and even as pictured. They are very scraggly not great for painting details.
I bought these pencils on the recommendation of my art instructors because they blend colors very well. I also bought a box of generic pencils from Wal-Mart for about $5. I use the WM ones primarily because I didn't find a dramatic difference in the few drawings that I did.
Thankfully a friend who knits on the looms had given me a heads up about these hooks. You will want to wrap the handle in something to make it larger and more comfy. I used the foam grippy things sold for pencils (and will probably try to fashion a wider handle at some point). You may also need to sand the purple end a bit, one of mine was very rough when I first got it.The hook part is just fine for loom knitting ... just need to make the handle more user-friendly.
I have done several hat patterns in this book, easy to follow and clearly written. I would recommend this book can be easily done by beginners as well as more experienced.
Wow, I just received this punch, and had 200 pages that needed to be done. I punched about 8 pages at a time, as I've had bad experience with punches rated to do 10-12 sheets. I can barely believe how smoothly this punch does its work with minimal effort to this over-the-hill lady! Wish I hadn't struggled so long with the old one. I didn't want to spend this much on a punch that I won't use all that often, but it is definitely worthwhile for me, and I won't hesitate to get it out when needed.
I got this chair for my daughter last Christmas. She loves it. It's pretty durable and comfy. Great size. She still fits comfortably in it at almost 3 years old. The only problem is cleaning it. Because it's such a light color EVERYTHING shows. You can't remove the cover to wash it so it's pretty hard to clean.
I had a dry erase board which was 3ft by 2 1/2 feet and weighed about 2 lbs. The two support hooks would not stay up with anything that weighed over a pound. This product can hold a sturdy cardboard display but that's about it. I drilled a hole through the plastic support hooks and the two front legs and used a screw to secure the support hooks to the legs so that I can use my dry erase board. The description needs to include how much weight the support hooks can withstand.
Love this paper. Really thick and sturdy and vibrant colors that hold fast way past the cheap construction paper I had gotten at Micheals and art stores. I used many many packages of this paper in a large paper sculpture and it even stood up to me varnishing it without it fading. Great true colors, especially the black.
I bought 2 for my boss' office. One was good - another was poorly made! Hence your chance of being a happy customer or an angry customer is 50-50!This is a typical example of this type of product being made in a half-automated factory made mostly by hand. The one with a poor quality (pictures are uploaded) had slots that were uneven in depth, the sleeves were cut in slightly different sizes, so some shelves wobbled while some were too tight to even remove as if glued on. One corner didn't align which makes this particular one too embarassing to be used in anybody's office. Probably made by someone on his/her first day on the job. The better quality one, on the other hand, was probably made by someone who had been making this a long time - very consistent through out. I would have given 5 stars had I received 2 of the good ones. I would have given no stars had I received 2 of the poor quality ones.
How do you review pins? They arrived as shown. They pinned my bedskirt to the box springs. I have no complaints/
It is sticks very well to lay fabric on it for embroidery however it is also a little hard to unstick it from finished product. I would recommend this for anyone that is beginning to embroider with heavy material.
I recently tried out this product and everything I will disclose is every experience I have personally had with the product. Please read carefully and use this when using the product. I am no henna expert, just used a youtube step by step information guide on this same product given by someone who knows his/her stuff.MATERIALS: Everything YOU WILL need is included. There are one or two things not exactly mentioned in either the instructions or list of materials. (The blue tip) Please check if you have any reactions or allergies to anything. The henna powder is good, the sugar/citric acid is better than I thought, the mordant liquid is nothing special - it's tap water, the eucalyptus oil is just that, and everything else is used to remove mistakes and to be used in application.INSTRUCTIONS: The instruction manual misses information and leaves out different materials and how to use them. Also, don't let the paste sit for 45 minutes like instructed, just use it when possible.APPLICATION: The bottle does not have a fine tip so be careful when applying the henna paste. (It should look green, not too bright)RESULTS: It will last for awhile. The henna stain is not black, it's red. I left it on for quite awhile - hours - and it doesn't seem to get any darker but leave it on until the henna begins looking dull and cracked.EXTRA TIPS: Do not use the applicator tip because it does not screw on properly to the cap and will fall off. Do not make the henna powder mixture too soggy or too dry.Go to youtube > search "Jacquard Mehndi Henna Kit" > click a video that should pop up first and is around 30 mins long. It's really good and I recommend.Overall, in my experience the instructions are not useful for beginners. I only survived with the video I saw. Be careful when applying. The product is good and you get what you paid for but you must do everything correctly. So buy it if you want red henna and minor difficulty with applying and following instructions. I made various tattoos, they come out good.
I bought this product because I saw a video about it and I thought "oh wow, how easy is that!". When I tried to find the video again, I couldn't find it so I just followed the instructions that came with the product.The bottom line, this product did not work very well with my machine. I have a machine that has a dedicated jeans foot and I used a jeans needle and that seemed to work better on my machine than when I used this gadget. Maybe I used the gadget wrong, but from looking at the instructions, I don't see how it could be any more clearer. I'm just glad that I didn't pay a lot of money for this.
the case was broken and the knives were sharp but there easily tarnished; it those look like the picture but a bit disappointed with the presentation
Poor quality, had lots of nicks in blades leaving them unusable.Someone at the company should inspect these before sending out.
I just purchased my first sewing machine. It came with the 611 carrying case. It is very practical. It is protecting my machine from dust and allows me to become mobil at any time with my machine. Nothing extravagant, but it serves the purpose. This is also a very good price.
This machine is crap. The spool constantly falls over, the needle never stays threaded and the needles constantly break, even with the correct settings. I don't recommend it for anything beyond parks for fixing and older sewing machine.
I'm not an artist, I just love to colour. I have a lot of different kinds of coloring media and I use Dover, Pomegranate, and Mindware coloring books. I'm not so much concerned with the blending capabilities of these markers as I am with their abilty to lay down smoothly on the paper without leaving streaks and ink pools. For me, these markers have not performed as well as the Sharpie Brush Tip markers when it came to just coloring. I have not used them for artistic projects because as I mentioned before, I'm not an artist, so I can't judge them in that respect, but I do appreciate a good marker. The ink flow is very good, almost too good, sometimes too much ink flows out and you get those dark ink dots on your page. What I have noticed with this set is that the chisel end is large and a little awkward to use, like you don't have as much control over your strokes. Also, the tip of the chisel gets dull/soft easily, so you have a squished point like you get when you press too hard on your marker. The other end of the marker is much better for detail work, but you do get more ink pool dots and streaks. I've posted a page from Mindware Classic Mosaics in my account so you can see how the ink lays down. I probably won't spend the money again to get these markers, I'm much happier with my Sharpies for what I do.
The drawing paper is great, very good quality, but i think there should be more sheets then 24 sheet because they go by fast especially if you are taking a college art class.
The PED card reader is just a card reader that was created by Brother to read/write their own proprietary cards for their sewing machines. The software included is simply a software that you use to transfer pes files onto the cards.Brother is way behind on updating the software for the PED card writer. Not only do they not include Vista with the card writer, the current version and drivers for Vista - available on their Web site - runs on Vista 64, but all instructions and help are designed for Vista 32 and will not work on 64.At the same time, unless your brother has a USB port, this is the only solution to adding new designs to your Brother Machine. Just be sure to download the correct software off of the brother help site at welcome.solutions.brother dot com so that you can use this driver with your computer.So - you have only two choices - buy the brother proprietary card writer or don't write cards to transfer new embroidery files to your sewing machine. [If you haven't purchased one of their sewing machines, you may want to compare prices to see if one with a USB port will serve you better]
They work well, fiskars are always great, but they are more flimsy than I expected, I wonder if they will break one day when I am cutting open a hard plastic package (that's what we bought them for)............So, they are great if you want them for cutting paper and they are working ok for now for other stuff too, but they are not extremely sturdy.
Buyer beware. This is not your mother's Singer. They sold it off years ago and have used the name to sell cheap and poor designed sewing machines.Not happy with at all. I have used it 4 times in 1 year, very light repair stuff. Now it is totally unusable I have tried to contact Singer many times by email and they tell me to call between the hours or 9 and 5 Monday through Friday while at the machine. This is very hard to do when you work for a living. A local repair shop said it is the poor design of the bobin assembly and needs to be replaced, but doesn't recommend it because the replacement is just as badly designed.And like many of the other reviews a Singer repair shop is not close at all.
I feel the need to vent my spleen at speedball. They make the worst nibs I've ever used. They'll rust on you, even if you take good care of them, and once that happens say goodbye to the quality of your line work. They're not the best I've ever used even when they are new. Don't buy them, it's false economy. I wish I knew the brand I was using back in the day, but I tended to just buy whatever loose nibs were available. My advice is, make sure your nibs are made of steel and that it's decent quality. Also, don't buy speedball. Ever. They don't know what they're doing and your nibs will go to pot almost immediately.
The paper is fine for my Dell 962 printer. However, I ordered the incorrect size. I thought I was ordering standard letter size paper and it is not.
I love this machine, I've only had one other and it was a very old machine, the kind that fits inside a table, I don't understand the one review that said that it is hard to thread because it was super easy! The bobbin was little tricky but I'm sure it was user error on my part.I am not an advanced seamstress but I'm beyond beginner. This machine gets a lot of use out of me and has held up very well. I even named it Greta. One day I'd like to get one that has more options, but really I don't need it. I can't imagine what else I'd have to do that this cannot.
The box was completely opened, and the plastic packet containing the paper was open at the corner. The paper looks mostly undamaged, and I am using it for personal use, not selling my printouts, but still. Not really satisfied, but I need it now, don't have time to send it back.
This tape did a good job on a couple of ripped paperback covers, and it didn't have sticky edges. You do have to be careful to get it in the right spot the first time.
i recieved this item in a smaller package then expected, as it seems there is an error in the labeling it is for only one canvas not 6, other then that the company was good at giving me a quick refund so i am happy, one last thing to add is the canvas is not as tight as i like them but good quality
I have smooth concrete walls and wanted to decorate with out drilling holes in the walls. After reading reveiws on the 'blue stuff' sticky tacky, I decided to save myself time and frustration and pay a little bit more. I'm glad I did! I used it to hang a sports pendant in my husbands game room. It actually hung cloth on a cement wall! I'm impressed. Then I remembered that a reviewer used it to keep pictures on the wall straight.....man I wish I had this years ago. I'm quite anal about them hanging just right. Even when we move to a place that might have sheetrock walls, I will use this product.
Punches are easy to use and make clean cuts. Sadly, they can also cause tar to build up in the head of your cigar. It's really a personal preference, the punch vs. the cutter, but you can't deny this one has appeal.
I found this product to be worthless. After I installed them, and flanged as much as possible, they fell out after a couple days. I ended up replacing them with brass rivets and washers.
I needed a lot of DPNs and couldn't afford to top off my small Takumi collection. I was surprised at how many sizes of DPNs were included - I now nearly have a complete set! But they are no substitute for Takumis. The ends are very sharp, so these needles would not be suitable for children. The needles are not *that* smooth, but if you are used to using DPNs, the needles should be fairly easy to adjust to.All in all, the value is great for the number of sets you get. The quality is so-so but not terrible.
I buy vintage fountain pens and need a good glass. This is a well made glass. It doesn't open and close with a screw --- something you should look for. And it comes with a leather case --- something else you should have. I think it's well made. And the optical part of it is obviously superior. These are hard to get used to. But once you do, you get a vivid view of tiny writing or whatever you're looking at. I wish this was easier to use or came with instructions. It does take a bit of a learning curve. But it's a good value in my opinion.
This is the first ever premium paper like this that I have purchased. So naturally I don't really have anything else from experience to compare it to. What I can say though is that I loved the results I got from it. Printing in black and white, it retained all of the gray mid-tones wonderfully and the end result looked amazing. Of course I also used a $2000 printer to print with so I guess that could have had an effect.
This is the THIRD pack I've used. I read the disclaimer that I should use the inkpack within 6 months. Well, the first pack, I had 30 sheets left. The second pack, I had 50+ sheets left and THIS last pack, I had 88 sheets left. That's more than half.And Epson doesn't allow you to buy the print pack without the paper.Overall, I feel compelled to try to off-label companies. You are paying a lot of money $35-40 a pack for about 70-80 prints. That's 50 cents a print.
It's very difficult to pick up the needles from the flat magnetic surface especially without long fingernails. I always dread the slow-down in my work and the momentary frustration when it comes time to try and dig a needle out of this box. There are other designs that make a needle far easier to retrieve and even an old-fashioned pin cushion seems like a far more practical idea.
Bottom feeder actually "ate" my fabric twice. Had to return the first one and have learned I cannot do delicate fabric nor jersey (even with correct needles and thread). This machine is great for cotton or mud weight fabric only. Tried to "quilt " a baby quilt again bottom feeders made it too hard and neck is too small
My definition of strips is different than theirs. these pieces are square or rectangular. Strips to me are long and narrow. The leather is fine, just not what I had planned on. I'd call them chunks before I'd use the term strips
The picture on the box would lead you to think that you would be getting a skeleton, with separate bones for each digit of the hand, etc. In reality, it was a bag of plaster and some molds. The molds were not for individual bones, but for a whole hand as a blob with some bone-looking detail on top. Same for the head, feet, and other parts of the body. What a scam!
I ordered this product for a school project, it was supposed to be a one-inch square. What I received was an irregular measurement of 11/16 of an inch. The punch itself works well but the project was made exponentially more difficult due to this error in description. I would be wary of purchasing from this seller again.
The magnified photo of this wire cutter is very misleading. The handles are short and thin, maybe 2in long & less than 1/4in thick, not much to hold on to. I was so disappointed I purchased a much better one for not much more money through a reputable ceramics site.
These scissors come in NO original packaging, I am wondering if they are even new?? Can't pick the color either so I see why they are cheap. Next time I would order elsewhere so I knew they were new and so I would get to choose the color. I have to say the shipping was not very fast either. This review is for the vendor (The Natural Health Shoppe) rather than the scissors.
It seems like a very good craft book, and I'll find a use for it, but I only rated it 4 stars because I'm not going to be able to use it for the reason I bought it. Probably my own misunderstanding, but by the description it seemed like there would be more room in the notebook zippered sleeves which was what I needed.
This chiller was well constructed with clean soldering. It cools the wort quickly, much faster than a 25' model I'd previously seen in action. The price was great on this too.
I have tried many papers as an amateur photographer. I have an Epson Stylus Photo 2400 printer. I use the UltraChrome K3 ink and get absolutely incredible results. It is as sharp as the glossy (or nearly so) and doesn't reflect lights back. It dries almost instantly. It feels like a photo. I always get complements.
This probably wont last long. I used it with the Olfa deluxe rotary cutter for about 40 cuts and I can see lots of areas where it wont be &#34;self-healing&#34;. I doubt this will last very long before its covered in ridges and cracks that ruin perfect straight cuts.
I have been sewing for over forty years and these by far are the best pinking shears I have ever used. I tossed my Friskers since they were useless. I used Weis (sp) for when I was younger and although I never had a problem with those these are smaller and slightly lighter. I was cutting through four layers of fabric with ease. Handles are slightly uncomfortable but I have yet to find a pair of pinking shears that were. If you are in the market to buy pinking shears this is the pair to get. Don't look any further.
I purchased this sewing machine just this week. Chose standard shipping (free) from Amazon, and received in 3 days!The machine was waiting for me when I got home from work. I took it out of the box, set it up, and made a poodle skirt in no time at all. The machine practically sewed the skirt by itself. Easy to thread both the machine and the bobbin. Easy to understand and read the manual. My sewing experience is costumes for the kids, pillows, blankets, crafts. Not a beginner but certainly not advanced, either. There are fun choices of stitch patterns that can be easily selected by simply pushing a button. No advanced degree needed for this machine!The week prior to purchasing this machine, I purchased the Singer Inspiration 4210. The Inspiration should be named "Perspiration". It was not at all easy to interpret the manual, or to figure out what stitch was what from the confusing dial(s). The Inspiration 4210 operation was not smooth and semi-automatic like the 7442 model is.I was very frustrated and disappointed, and returned the Inspiration to the store, then went back to the drawing board and did some more research. Found several on Amazon, decided on the Singer 7442--and I love it!
I tried to order this item and got sent a different item that I didn't even know what it was. They said there was an error on the website and they actually didn't have the template. Don't waste your time. Buy it somewhere else.
Being a teenage knitter, I was given this book as a gift and was very disappointed. I have been knitting for several years and the projects in this book were entirely too juvenile. I concede that they may be more appealing to someone who is just starting to knit, and that the authors have made a sincere effort to create projects that are creative and eye-catching. Unfortunately, this book seems to be written under the impression that teenage knitters are also not good knitters, and that challenging them would be unwelcome.
Kind of pricey for one handle. I thought I was getting two as who would think handles would come in a pair?? The product is very nice!
I like the idea of a two prong stiletto. It guides well the fabric when it goes underneath the foot. However, it is not very well made. If you need to put a little pressure the prongs will eventually become loose inside the handle. It has happened twice now. The first time, I contact the seller and they were very prompt in replacing it for me. But now the replacement is also coming loose. Therefore, I would only recommend it if you don't need to exercise pressure (i.e. help feed thick fabric under the foot). I decided to purchase an awl for that purpose.
I love this cute little trimmer!I didn't buy this on Amazon, but I've used it though college and just bought a new one. Even though it's only $7 it works just as good as the bigger expensive ones and in the 2 1/2 years I had it I didn't see any doling of theblade. When I do design work, small quantity of books/zines and illustrations I tend to do things small, so this is perfect for me. I've even used this to help me prepare books (cutting and scoring).I've used this to cut heavy weight paper and it has a little trouble, but still cut pretty good
I am new to sewing and I wanted a seger I could figure out how to use on my own. I researched, and this one had the best reviews. It came in perfect condition and ready to be used. With the videos, threading it is a breeze, as well as learning how to do the different stitches. Just today, I learned how to use the 3-thread stitch and the rolled edge, and hemmed a skirt with a nice lettuce-rolled hem. It is so user-friendly with the videos. The only con o can think of is that the manuals are a little skimpy, but with the videos, I haven't found this to be a problem.
Warm and Natural works better than other 100% cotton battings. I maintains it's shape after pre-shrining and does not fall apart.
They sent me blue polka-dot ribbon, clearly marked as khaki thread, but pretty much as far from khaki thread as you could get and still be in the sewing department.
Very cheap rotary tool bits. They flimsy and the come apart too easily when used.
Brother 5300 Universal Sewing Machine Carrying CaseThis case is fine but the sewing machine (Brother XL 2610) does not fit securely into it. It requires that I save the styrofoam that the machine was packaged in when it came. I wanted a cover that fit over the machine easily for storage for short term. This case isn't it.
I like this paper, and it serves my needs well for making patterns for woodworking, drawing out designs full-scale, and to protect surfaces from paint or dust when I am staining, finishing, or sanding. I would call it "medium" weight, although I am not a connoisseur of paper distinctions. It is strong enough to handle the use that I put it to in the woodshop. It doesn't snag or tear easily on the sharp corners of wood or tools. Nor is it too stiff for my general use, as really heavy-weight paper sometimes is. It works well for me, and I wonder if I even got the same product as the reviewer who gave it only one star. This seems like a good, medium-weight product to me, at a good price.
Ironically, this glue was intended to be used for shipping labels just like those generated for printing by amazon check out.While I found some stuff I really liked about these sticks, the stuff I don't like in fact the critical dislike, far outweighs the positives.Positives:a) No smell, no flavour, no mess (yes, I sniffed and licked and rubbed the glue stick).b) relatively easy to useNegatives:1) Weak adhesive power, even if both sides daubed (but see note below)2) invisible when applied so difficult to see how much has gone on (might be useful to use the purple disappearing glue but see note above)I changed to this style of glue from traditional elmer's because the latter is a bit messy at times but it sure does stick well.I will use these sticks up, along with scotch tape to ensure the labels stay, but switch to something else asap.I would like to find some rice glue with a brush applicator and will go a searching right here on amazon presently.
Fiskar cutter great ..did not know that there is a difference between the cutter & the trimmer handle so unfortunately this handle does not fit the blade I bought which it turns out is for a Fiskar trimmer 28MM... so beware!!
As someone who literally hasn't used a sewing machine in over 20 years, I was able to get this set up and running within 30 minutes after taking it out of the box. The quick-start guides for threading the needle and bobbin only contain images, which are helpful for a quick reminder, although I needed to read though the manual the first time to get more details. Still, a good quality entry-level machine for the price. I am impressed at several "upgraded" features such as the lamp, ability to move the needle right to left in basic stitches, as well as the overall variety of stitches available (including embroidery and darning!) Only odd thing is the lever to raise the presser foot in on the side and not a back, so this location takes a little getting used to relative to the lever location on most machines. This machines comes with a basic starter kit containing 3 bobbins, replacement needles and a second foot. All very impressive for such a low price machine. I would definitely recommend this to a friend.
The wheel doesn't roll over the fabric well. You have to press down hard to grip the fabric and can damage it. I like the concept but its not a good marker for anything unless you marking something like wood.
These safety pins are weak and bend easily. I am very disappointed. I thought going with Singer would guarantee good quality. Apparently not. Don't but them.P.S. My 20+ year old safety pins are at least twice as strong as these.
I ordered one ounce from other vendors, and this one is half of the size I got from others. Is it really one ounce?
I didn't want to purchase this because of the price (by the way you can get this at JoAnn's for a lot less than the listed price here.) However, after I tried a cartridge that had tiny little pieces that had to be pushed out after the paper was cut, the blade tool and the stylus tool help you cut and push out any stubborn pieces that are difficult to push out with just your fingers because they are either too small or are part of a very intricate design with lots of tiny cuts. The bone folder is a bit flimsy, getting the extra spatual was nice since they gum up quickly and the scissors were nothing special, just cute as part of a "matching" set with the cricut logo (the rubber handle is very comfortable). It would be nice if all these items were sold a'la carte. The packaging is excessive but the tools are actually in a carrying case that can be zippered up if you take classes etc. Since the cricut machine is so expensive its hard to add to the cost by purchasing this kit at the same time, but if you have cartridges that have intricate cuts, the tools are very helpful to have. Its a nice little "starter kit" if you haven't purchased any tools already. But there are alternatives that you can purchase one at a time as you need them.
I got three of these in different colors; red, white and yellow. The red is ok. The white was cracked. The yellow was broken in pieces. Naturally the yellow was the most expensive at $6.54. It was packed in a box between a wheel scrubbing brush and a hardback book. No packing in between, just plastic air pillows on top of everything. I guess the book slid sideways and crushed my chalk. I am very unhappy with this carelessness.
I was trying to use this machine to make stickers to sell in my Etsy shop. It's to hard to get the stickers lined up just right. But for personal use it works just fine. Just like everything else, the refills are expensive. Haven't tried it for other things like magnets yet.
Too bad Amazon doesn't have negative ratings, because one star is WAY too high for this horror of a machine. It's a bad design [wait till you see what you have to do to thread the needle] and is finished off by bad engineering. I bought it because I, an experienced sewer, wanted an auxilliary machine to take along when so I could leave behind the big PERFECTLY OPERATING 1960's Singer given to me by my mother, when she quit sewing for my daughters.I'd heard bad things about performance of the new Singers, which isn't surprising as the company got sold, manufactury was outsourced to China and god only knows who designed the dreadful thing. But I didn't dream it would be THIS bad.My biggest complaint is that it's so tetchy. It's almost impossible to vary anything without having it go on strike. It wants to be on automatic, and it wants the trhead length and tension set just so. It doesn't like it when I vary the top tension to make the bobbin thread tighter so I can baste or gather. If the thread or fabric gets bollixed up in the bobbin compartment you have to have a screwdriver to remove the needle plate and bobbin case. Neither of the above problems is addressed in its completely inadequate guide, which gives, in three languages, only the sketchiest of instructions and doesn't in any way address the real-world problems of people who sew. And to think I only wanted it so I could make automatic buttonholes.The old Singer, a 401, is the last Singer all metal machine. It's easy to use, easy to clean when the thread or fabric gets balled up in the bobbin compartment, easy to manipulate, flexible and forgiving. The bobbin case and the needle plate come out easily so one can get into the bobbin compartment. The guide is a delight. If you can find a 401, buy it immediately. It's a workhorse, and unlike modern electronic machines that are as trustworthy as the old 401, is not likely to cost you upwards of $2000.
These scissors are not very sturdy. When cutting hair the hair catches between the blades and binds. You will have to find the right amount to cut at a time.
I have purchased quite a few Westrim strap albums, pages, and page protectors. This most recent purchase of pages for a strap album were just okay. The staple/tabs stick out further than they should and do not look secure. I am sorry to see that these products may not be acceptable for further purchase.
So easy to trace. Lays nice and flat on fabric. Not as east to tear as tissue. Does not crease like tissue.
I was searching for a good dye for nylon, the product says it is great. I tried it, did everything it asked, and no good results, poor product.
These come in a really nice-looking wooden box! I love all the various blades this set has and also, they've really helped me out during my first year of art school. What I didn't like was the fact that the blade attachments were stored on the top half of the box, the lid. Some of them never failed to fall out and hide themselves at the slightest provocation. To remedy this super annoyance, I decided to switch the top and bottom holders and super-glue them to the box. It's all good now. I'd say if you want to get these, go ahead and get them! Also, if you can make a special, better place for storage of the blades, even better.
This is my first rotary mat so I didn't know what to expect... especially in regards to "self healing". After I received it I was pleased about the size, I knew the size when ordering it but it is still shockingly larger then what I imagined. It is double sided, although only one side has measurements the other side is blank... but both have the "self healing" surface. It is pretty cool when you use the rotary on it and make a little slice in the surface how the slice does disappear... I was very pleased and excited about this. I use a Olfa rotary cutter on it as recommended but when making a curved cut it still left a light slice in the mat that did not heal (hence four stars)... I recommend you use scissors for curved cutting as to not permanently damage the mat. The slice is small enough that it won't be a problem and it is barely noticeable but I want to preserve the life of the mat as long as I can.
I have had my Euro Pro Intelli-Sew 9110 for barely over a year. 4 months ago, the lamps went out and I have not been able to get them replaced. No one repairs Euro Pro (I live just outside of Washington, DC so sewing machine repair places are thick on the ground here) because their customer service and repair service just reeks. You can't get parts, you can't get them repaired and they don't work after a while. Mine just started jamming in the feed dogs today (I cleaned it out and there is no dust or lint evident) and I know I won't get any help if I call Euro Pro. The price is good, but the service stinks. I'll never buy another and the one I own now is going for garbage on Tuesday. Grrrrrrrrrrrr. I'm going to buy another Pfaff or Bernina from now on.
The gun works, but it feels flimsy. You also have to load in two glue sticks at a time, one will enter most of the way into the chamber to melt, and then the other one can push glue out. As others have said, the cord is really short and the gun takes a long time to heat up. Also, the gun is listed as using 7/16" diameter (.44 in) sticks, but it actually takes .28" diameter sticks.
This product is not useful, no variety or creativity, he always would be good to show off some of the content or details of them. not recommend it.
I recently bought two of these from two different Amazon vendors. The first one turned out to be better made - and I don't know why. The front handles were attached by small dowels and all the drawers were flush. I was happy with it, so I ordered a second one. The original vendor was out of stock, so the second purchase came from a different vendor. I don't think that matters as the manufacturer seems to be the same.At any rate, the second unit was far inferior. It was stapled together and the drawers were not flush. Various pieces bowed from not being properly assembled. I am still able to use it and don't want to bother with a return, so I am using both units to store my large collection of pencils and drawing utensils. I am very happy with the storage. I used to have my pencils grouped in a basket in jars, but when they got shorter by being sharpened, they would fall down in the jars and I couldn't get them out easily. Now everything lays flat and I can see what I have and what I need to use first.I do wish the manufacturer would take greater care in the assembly of the product. It is very useful for storage of flat art supplies. But be advised that it is only adequate for a single layer of pencils or pastels. Anything thicker will not fit in the drawers. The units do stack well for convenience.
If you are lucky enough to receive (any) Euro-Pro product that is without defect (about 1 in 3), God bless you! If, however, you have to deal with Euro-Pro's non-existant (3rd world...Did I say it was helpful if you spoke 'Hindi'??) 'Customer Service' (LMAO), be prepared to have plenty of Pepto-Bismal on hand. In my opinion, this company and its generally shoddy products are just not worth dealing with.
I use this to spread glue on my woodworking projects. It does that nicely and cleans up easily. Handle is nice an heavy so I don't worry too much about breaking it.
We actually bought this to punch holes in fleece fabric to make it easier to blanket stitch. Worked like a charm!
I have used these pens for a year now, and frankly, they are quite worthless. Here's a quick sum up:Pros- work relatively well on regular cotton fabricCons- break easily when sharpened- they wear very quickly when marking fabric; expect to sharpen them every few pattern pieces that you trace/mark- because of the softness of the tip, they don't stay sharp for long, thus making VERY broad lines- they are not ideal to use with a ruler, see previous point- do not work on stretch fabric as you have to push down fairly hard to mark the fabric, which in turn stretches/distorts the fabricWhile the idea is great, I get much better results using a regular pencil on non-stretch fabric and a pencil costs 1/10 of these.
The signs are great, and look exactly as pictured above. They aren't very sturdy, so you have to make sure that you supervise the children who are playing with them if they are the "rough type". If you have a child that will just ride their tricycle around them, or run around them, then don't worry.
I recently purchased a Cricut Expression that came with two cartridges, and Jasmine was the first single cartridge I added to my collection. As some other reviewers noted, cutting small letters (less than 2 inches or so) is problematic. The skinny parts of the letters tear very easily. However, when printing smaller letters, I have found that using the shadow feature eliminates some of the tearing. Despite that small issue, I would recommend adding this lovely font cartridge to your collection.
These blades are very high quality and extremely sharp. The price is much cheaper than buying small quantities at stores.
The product performed perfectly. I can't find the white ones in stores, so I was happy to find them online. I can only buy the clear plastic ones at Claire's (accessory store) and they harden over time. These rubber ones are much better. Thanks Amazon!
The concept is good but the design and actual use are terrible. For starters, the holes punch almost at the very edge of the paper, a far shallower punch than most any other on the market. You have to be careful that you push the edges of the sheets in as far as they can possibly go, or the holes end up at the edge of the sheets. Also, after a few uses, it's no longer possible to get sheets all the way in to be able to punch holes. The design not only makes it difficult to see if this is caused by jammed paper bits or something else, but impossible to fix that issue. A total disappointment. It's overpriced for other models that do the same thing, and it does a much worse job.
I was going to write up a review after I purchased this for my 3.5 year old son for Christmas. When I got here and read everyone elses "spot on" reviews of the toy, I knew I didn't need to say anything more. This toy is exactly like everyone else says; extremely difficult to get working and the balancing act one must achieve is beyond belief.I told my son I would return it to Santa's Workshop and get him a toy that worked properly.
The presser foot keeps falling off, the thread breaks constantly and it is very noisy. I have checked the settings and everything appears to be correct, but I still am having problems. The machine that I thought would bring enjoyable is totally frustrating.
This nifty hole puncher certainly gets the job done at our house and childcare! I use it frequently to hang up the kids' art (punches construction paper effortlessly), create lacing projects for them (through thick, 5-7mm lamination), and let the kids punch holes in paper. If it's held up to my constant use AND that of the kids, you know it's durable. The grips are comfy (and have never fallen off), it punches through a few pieces of paper smoothly, and I LOVE LOVE LOVE that it catches the punches instead of dropping them all over my floor (I then save those for the kids to use wherever their artisitc creativity takes them). The puncher doesn't get stuck like many others I have used. The price was ever-so-slightly higher than what I wanted to pay, but it's ergonomic handles are infintely better than the basic metal punchers I'm used to.
I thought this would be a great way to make a gift... but, the kit did not have the tool needed... so I had to go find one (not that easy). I got very frustrated with this until I got into a rhythm, but still took longer and was tougher than expected. Ran out of the blue color, so had to improvise some. I don't recommend this for a first time user, maybe a more skilled user would find this Easy, Fun, and Quick.
So far this sewing machine is great. I haven't had a chance to use all it's functions but I'm glad to know that they're available. I love the easy threading and bobbin winder. This is the first sewing machine I've owned and I'm loving it!
I took advantage of a living social, or maybe it was groupon or amazon special deal on having my photos transferred to canvas.But if I bought the canvas with the stretchers already put together and the canvas stretched, my dollars didn't go very far.By buying the prints on canvas rolled up, then getting these stretchers, I saved a fortune. I found it easy to staple the canvas onto the assembled stretchers.On a budget, I didn't want to spend a fortune on frames. Having the canvas prints on stretchers works great for wall-hanging.For around $300 I did 10 photos ranging in size from 8 x 10, 10 x 12, to 18 x 24 and 10 x 30. That $300 got me the prints on Canvas AND the stretchers and the shipping. I already had a stapler and staples.One thing, check with the printer to determine what size stretchers you'll need for the stretchers. I ran into a little trouble there.Also, my stapling job was not perfect. I'm sure, if you spend $500 or $700 to get the images done with stretchers, with much more shipping, the stretching is more professionally done. I'm happy to live with a wall of images I could afford rather than perfection that would have been out of my reach.Bottom line, I love how my formerly bare walls look and have received many compliments.
This is a fancy looking product but it is a very poor leather punch. I had to go back to my old "plain jane" leather punches, which worked much better.
I love this little torch! no problems with delivery and cost. everything delivered on time and correctly. no news is good news when ordering simple products like this. I've tried another brand in the past that leaked on me. this one had been great so far
This unit is very sturdy especially since it is all one piece. I like how it stacks vertical so I have more room on my desk. There is plenty of paper space in each compartment.
The stamps r pretty nice in color and shape the problem was the ink included is dry so I had to consider buying ink for it so my son can be able to use them.
as everyone else said, this machine does not work. i wish i'd read reviews before i bought it. i just saw it in the store and thought it would be so fun for my daughter to get so sew along side me. PLEASE dont waste your money on this toy.
This is an adorable picture, but when I opened it to discover numerous colors with a slight variation I had to resort to counting the strads to see what color was which. It says on the guide one color is orange turns out is really pink. Be careful when putting together or else you may discover what you thought was one color was really another color.
This is sold as an adequate 1/4 inch quilting foot for my machine - the Brother CS-6000i.I loved this foot when I put it on my machine, and it does help create accurate 1/4 seems. Then I noticed the needle hole does not line up with the default needle placement of the machine. (Seems odd, no?) I said to myself, "Self, remember to change the needle position IMMEDIATELY when you turn on your machine again." Of course I didn't and the second time I went to use it, I ended up with a broken needle. To me, a foot that results in a broken needle if I don't remember to change my needle position each and every time I turn on my machine, is not a adequate foot for the machine.Look - this needle is great for quilting even 1/4 inch seems. But I doubt I'll use it too many more times. I don't want to buy needles every single time I forget to change my needle position before dropping it. I would love a foot that is made for the left-default needle position. Sadly, I can't find one...
I like the way the cover looks but it was damaged when I got it. I don't know how that could have happened because it was in an outer box and the inner box it was in was not damaged at all. I am bummed, now I have to hassle with retuning it. I will get another one though :)
I needed to create a large sign to ask someone to a prom. I cut this down into 3 equally-sized sheets, and taped them together. It was so close to being a disaster that it worked.I would use this paper to cover an arts & crafts table in a kid's room, or to make cheap signs. Note that it's not very thick, so it won' stop heavy paint from bleeding through.
I purchased this item from Amazon on 02/21/2010 but the bulb is dead already. Under the technical detail, the company claims that it will last 10,000 hours, which is equivalent to more than 416 days of straight use, but it wasn't true for me. I believe I used it less than 1,000 hours...
The oil stick are a great medium for painting textiles. I used them with the texture rubbing plates and have wonderful results.
Item is smaller than I thought when I was looking at the picture. There is hardly any thread and it is wrapped around a paper spool but I guess for the money, what could I expect.
On Instagram I saw someone using this product for their art pieces, and they looked great via photograph, but when I ordered this product I was disappointed by it. Here's why:1.) It smells extremely toxic -- as if it's the concentrated liquid from gold/silver pens (which it probably is, but I wasn't prepared)2.) If you're used to using the &#34;regular&#34; sheets of gold leaf, this is more dull -- I was expecting it to be the liquid version of gold leaf sheets in terms of color, and it really isn't -- it's a bit more grey or silver?3.) I use oil paints, and was assuming you could use it on top of wet paint, but that's a bad idea -- it doesn't mix well with other wet (oil-based) paints, and turns everything it touches an almost &#34;chemical-y&#34; color.4.) if you're using both gold leaf and liquid leaf on a painting, you can really tell the difference between the two -- I tried to layer both, and there was a big contrast between them, instead of having them blend together as i'd hoped.All of this being said, I think my bad experience was due to my own user error, which is why I decided to write about this! If you're trying to paint on top of something that is dry, or are looking for a 2-dimensional gold feel, I could see where this would be great! It might even work better on top of acrylics, i'm not sure! I've seen pictures on instagram where artists use it to fill in entire backgrounds, and it seems to look great, so I think using this depends on your objectives! That being said, I personally really recommend the traditional gold leaf sheets, due to the richness and warmth of their appearance.
The paper quality is perfect--exactly right for wrapping, covering.I just didn't realize it was a tremendously wide roll! I thought i was buying a 200' standard width roll of wrapping paper. It is meant for bulletin boards or wrapping huge items.But I think we will saw it in half to make two big rolls.The actual craft paper is wonderful.
This machine was a total disappointment. I bought it for my grand daughter who had just completed sewing lessons on an identical sewing machine. She was so excited and thrilled that she was going to get it, and when she did, the machine locked up every time she started to sew!I know it was the machine and not my grand daughter because my daughter, an experienced sewer, tried and tried to get it to work correctly!I returned the machine and bought a different model locally, which works like a charm.Brother ES2000 77 Stitch Function Computerized Free Arm Sewing MachineThe above rating of one star is really not my opinion--The site is set up so that you must rate at least one star, otherwise, the whole reviw will not be used. My rating is No Stars, had I been able to document it.
UPDATE 1/29/13: I was responding to a comment on my review from 2 1/2 yrs. ago and notice that these scissors appear to have been redesigned. Hopefully they have strengthened them, especially the handle.---------------------------------------------Okay, I'll admit it, I believed the hype...the key words like TITANIUM and Lifetime Warranty had me convinced that these were durable scissors that would at the very least be long lasting. When first using them they are very impressive, very sharp, fit well in the hand, and do seem like a good quality. Keep in mind that up until I purchased these I had used nothing but basic, cheap scissors, but I will add that NONE OF THESE BASIC, CHEAP SCISSORS EVER BROKE! Yes, they may have been annoying to use, not very good at cutting anything but thin paper, and at Christmas time not able to do the neat trick of starting at the bottom of the wrapping paper and simply moving the scissors up and "slicing" instead of cutting to the top.I was so initially impressed with these "Titanium" bonded scissors that I bought a second one for my home office. Everything went well for about a year on one pair and two years on the other. All I have used them for is basic household stuff, the heaviest thing I have cut through is cardboard on the end of a box a few times....cut well, not a problem.Well, the first pair actually broke right at the plastic handle. I thought that was odd but not a big deal since I could still use them. Then the other, newer one broke in the same exact spot! Again, did not affect the actual cutting function since the break was on the outside part and not against the inside of your thumb which would have been an issue had the crack gone through. When the second one broke I then began losing confidence in the quality of these.THEN the other day my husband came over to me with a rather surprised look on this face and showed the two BROKEN APART pieces of the scissors he had just used to cut a little thin strip of plastic off of a container!! You can see inside of where the two pieces are connected that they simply use a plastic housing to hold the piece together (on the end of where the screw goes in).Like I said previously, I have never had scissors break like this; I still have cheap scissors (old faithfuls I now call them) that I've been using for over 10 years!!I have provided pictures....hope that helps in your buying decision!
This might be okay if you're punching thin paper, one sheet at a time, but when I tried heavier paper the plastc - yes, plastic! - handle snapped right off. Maybe mine had a defect, or a weak section, but without a metal core the plastic will eventually weaken and break. Not at all worth the money, I will never buy one like this again.
I hate these pins; they are so small and many of the heads break off while trying to install. They are very difficult to install. If they don't go into mattress immediately you either have to start over, they will go in crooked or the head will break off. My finger was sore by the time I finished putting on the bed skirt.
The product came in dry and hard to use. It was very difficult to get out of the tube.
Product was completely hard. I didn't try to use it until just after the return window had closed, so I couldn't even send it back. It went straight into the trash.
have to say, the brush is of poor quality. It arrived without a cap, and with a broken hair. This is unacceptable for a good brush. Also, it does not give a smooth writing, and loses hair always. So, I do not recommend this brush to calligrapher. Price is not lovely either.
After reading over 90 reviews for the Brother CS-6000i, and comparing the value to other similarly priced machines, I took the plunge and ordered it. It is easy to use. The operation manual is simple to follow. After sewing for a few weekends, I think I'm getting accustomed to my electronic sewing machine. Previously, I had a Singer that finally gave out after about 35 years of occasional use. Here is my concern, also voiced by many reviewers: the bobbin tension is too loose. The bobbin thread can be pulled out with only a little effort. The bobbin is wound correctly and inserted/threaded per the manual. I have tightened the top tension as high as it can go - no change. I am going to try different weight fabrics, different thread, and anything else I can think of, before I make up my mind about keeping or returning the machine. I sew for fun but it is not fun to fight the equipment. I would appreciate any suggestions.
I really like this kit. The little drawing book is awesome, the different brushes are really nice. The two ink stones are great, since will last for a good period of time before buy another. Is a real good set for beginners and great quality for intermediate-expert artist.
I was given this machine for Christmas. I was able to sew about two dresses for my daughter before the thing broke. The feed dogs stopped working entirely, they dropped below the plate and upon servicing I found out that someone had forgotten to put in about 3 screws that were suppose to hold the feed dog lever up. When they went to service it things started falling out of the machine! Rather than pay to have it rebuilt, I decided to throw it out and purchase a Singer. I will never, ever buy another Brother machine.
Great, great product! So glad that I ordered this along with my Brother PE 770Embroidery machine. It is easy to use.
The quality of the image was good when printing. It went through the printer without a problem. Will purchase this product again.
My paint has sprung a leak. Something to consider when orderng via post. (Also, it arrived six days after the order was placed.)
I wish I had gotten the wider size, but I wasn't wiling to pay more than double the price of the 2in for the 3 or 4 inch tape. I just merged two strips together so this still worked for the book that I wanted to mend. Its thick and created a nice, strong binding.
Bought these for my grandsons so they could make cute drawings and while it comes out of the tube looking raised and 3D-ish, when it dries (which takes FOREVER) it is barely a bump on the paper ... plus they are drawing on stock paper and it wrinkles it as it dries ... can't imagine was it would do to standard 20 lb bond paper!
Maxi-lock thread is a good quality thread and is cost effective. I don't have the serger sewing machine, yet I find it very useful for my quilting, embroidery, and sewing needs.I use it in two way:(1) I use it as a top thread using thread cone holder.(2) I use it as a bottom bobbin thread. To wind it I use thread cone holder.For general sewing I use Maxi Lock in top and bottom of my sewing machine. For embroidery and quilting I use Sulky thread as the top thread, and Maxi Lock thread as the bottom thread.I am able to find tension on my sewing machine, which allows me to use Sulky thread as the top thread and maxi-lock thread as the bottom thread. I do this by setting the top tension to zero, and making small adjustments to the bobbin tension. This works particularly well when the bottom thread is close in color to the top thread. Maxi Lock has a huge variety of colors available. I have a large selection of bobbins with different Maxi Lock colors sitting ready to go to match whatever my top thread happens to be.Using these large cones saves me a lot of money. They are so much more economical than the small spools, especially the wonderful (but expensive) Sulky threads.I noticed that the price on the on this product fluctuates. With a good sale I can find this thread at around $2 a spool. There is a nice online tool that I use to help catch a good price on Amazon, this tool is called "Online Price Alert". This tool will send you an email when the Amazon item price reaches the target price range that you specify. If you search on "online price alert" in Google it will be come up at the top. I find this tool to be very helpful.
I bought 2 of these guns. I would have rated this a negative number if possible. I called the Coldheat company and they do not provide a replacement battery. I was instructed to go to Radio Shack and purchase a universal battery by the Coldheat Representative. The battery life is totally unacceptable less than 2 months and will not hold a charge. If your are going to buy this donate your money to a charity.
This thread is very beautiful and shiny to use. However the strands come apart whether you want them to or not so it's best if you only need one strand. It also gets knotted and frayed VERY easily so one must be VERY gentle with it. All in all, it has a gorgeous effect but is SO frustrating!
I face paint as a hobby and the brush size range I use is 1-6 round tips. This has fit all of them perfectly (I have multiples of the same sizes as I use one brush per color a lot).I will say that the box is bigger than I thought, but that is more me not reading the dimensions: 14 x 6 x 1.2 inches14 inches is kinda long but at least I know long handled brushes will fit heh.Other than the size being a little shock it's nice knowing I won't be screwing up my brushes when in this case, Yay!!
I liked the merchandise. Hard to find sewing accessories out in the country, so online did the trick. Great Service.
I bought this for a little boy that likes to play pretend school. It's a cute set.
I was doing Flemish oil techniques, and drying took up to three weeks. Switched to Liquin and was able to have applications drying sometimes overnight. Now I'm blasting through my work. It's amazing, and it gives my paintings depth and richness of color I really loved.
Works great in my printer, had no issues. My only complaint is that it only comes with 15 sheets. So if you make a mistake, or wish you had printed it in "best" format, you have to throw the whole thing away and now you are down to 14 sheets! I used it for making a half-sheet label, which was easy with the templates on avery.com. Overall, no complaints.
The idea is great BUT the plastic is undesirable. It is not very accurate due to the non-rigid materialThat it is made from. This needs to be wood! I would recommend paying a little more and having aSteady, reliable, durable apparatus.
while the item is pretty much what was described, i would have to question the validity of the word "booklet"(that was included).. id settle for "pamphlet".. the "booklet" is all of seven pages, with only two and a quarter of them in english.. when you do the math, the "booklet" actually can be pared down to one full college ruled page.. if you read espanol and francais im sure the whole thing gets kind of redundant..
I like Richards program to keep me on track with my calorie control. This however did not come with the gold foodmover pictured it came with the grey one. I did buy it looking forward to receiving the gold one, I am going to keep because I love Richard's program. I will be passing the grey foodmover that come with this to a friend.
Anyone doing applique needs these scissors in their basket. I purchased both the small and larger non-stick scissors and they are excellent. The fusible webbing doesn't stick to them and they cut perfectly. I've used mine hundreds of times and they just keep on doing their job.
Very cute and very nice. Comes as iron on and is very easy to put on. Have someone there that knows what they're doing when you put it on;)
I absolutely love the bed my son loves it too it was the best decision that I made is such great quality the wood is a great quality and I love
Great ink! the pigmentation particles must be extra fine because I don't see any feathering or bleed like my old ink. this is waterproof so it shouldn't run. the line density is great and solid. I use it in my Noodler's Moby Dick pen and in my Lammy - both are great. Will be buying this ink for years to come.
It seems to be a good machine, but it is very hard to thread the needle. I haven't been able to get the needle threader to work.
As an artist, I have been perfectly satisfied with this product for 40 years - since this year however, I now rely on it to spray clumps of goo on my surfaces. I thought one can could be defective but it has now occurred with several cans bought over time and I have to conclude they are saving money on quality control. Don't know if it's due to cheaper spray heads or inferior ingredients - but hair spray would work better than this stuff.
Wow, just put the gun away&#8230;this product is way too expensive for the quantity. One can find quality cleaners for half the price.
These canvases are great, I ordered the six pack a month ago and they arrived on time. So, i ordered again, but this time only one canvas came in a huge box. Amazon is refunding my money for the 5 i didn't receive.
The blue ink and the ink pen are great! The grey ink has a thin texture and you have to shake the bottle a couple of times in order for it to become less watery. Once you do it shows that subtle silver color. Overall very pretty and easy to use!
I am happy with their customer service. So far they have been good with handling product issues. They have so far held true to their word.
This roving spun well on a drop spindle. This was my first attempt at spinning and it worked well. I was even able to make use of the yarn I made!
Nice Trolley. Would have given 5 stars except I am very disappointed in the color. I would not call it Burgundy. I don't even see any Burgundy in it. The design is largely orange and red on a black background and not a pretty fabric, but it appears sturdy and will serve the purpose.
State of CA bans it, nor was the information disclosed in the details. The warning label was affixed on the product and I was too scared to open it. If this matters to you, don't get it. I don't think it's worth it.
Really, your gonna give your child stamps and ink? My wife is crazy, but if you don't care about ink and stamps getting on everything, including the nice floor that you spent hours sanding and putting a nice finish on, then go ahead. Really, I shouldn't care, they're only little once and kids really enjoy this stuff. I'd give it 5 stars at the kids point of view, but I don't like the mess and it's a parents review.
This is a pretty good disc,but does contain to much filler.The only track that really stands out as a classic is her remake of &quot;Making Love&quot;.This was a missed chance at a hit.Poor promotion from East West didnt help.
Was pretty disappointed with this hammer. The head can be made to be acceptable for engraving with some work but the handle is totally unacceptable. A chasing hammer should have a thin springy handle and this one is like holding a 2x4. It feels much larger than any chasing hammer I've used and has an extremely poor finish.
it's okay for the kids pants but even those jean thread colours are changing here but it's good quality thread.
I have been using this type of portfolio for some time. You cannot add pages or replace pages with this product. The pages are somewhat flimsey but they do have a backing for each page included. For the price, they are not too bad if you are not viewing or replaceing the items with in the book on a regular basis I would try another product. I have used items from another Amazon seller, Keep filing. They have Portfolio's with replaceable pages and the portfolio is a little more sturdy. You have to buy the portfolio and the page inserts separtely. The cost is more but a bit more sturdy. They are sometimes out of stock for some time.
i purchased this machine from walmart in store in november 2005 as it had a free arm that is small enough to trim and hem ladies slacks.this is important to my type of sewing as i always seem to be doing circular stitching on ready to wear as well as fashion sewing.i am very pleased with the speed of stitching and the ease of threading. the manual is excellant. also the singer company website has a full color threading guide to print out if you need a large sized picture. the #2022 needles are hard to find in stores however singer website has them in 5 packs for 5 dollars each i have ordered 5 packs as they are combo of size 11 and 14. they are special because of the longer grooves front and back to reduce friction in high speed sewing. however my manual says #2020 may be used but you have to tinker with the tensions. in regard to the creeping or machine walking i have the machine on a sturdy surface, an old typewriter table from a second hand office supply store that is on wheels and has side extensions. i placed the machine on a vinyl placemat and this cured the creeping and quieted the sound as well. for 193 dollars i got a good deal.however i would suggest this for a person who has sewn with sergers or someone who can go to an experienced sewer.
dont waist your money very badly machined didnt fit shaft of motor had to file in order to fit on shaft then it is not machined to be true everything is out so it vibrates and wobbles very cheaply made
Just to specify, I am not a professional seamstress however I have owned at least 7 different sewing machines. This one by far is the easiest to tread and sew on.My grandma has been a seamstress for the past 65 years and she admits this machine is really well made and great for those who enjoy small home projects. It is sturdy and does the job on the money. I highly recommend!!!
I bought this kit for a one time use, knowing it was not professional quality. The included air can does not provide enough pressure or air flow to do the job. It worked for maybe a few minutes producing only a very light coating of paint, then it stopped picking up the paint. So if you buy this kit plan on using it only with an air compressor. It also seemed to be a bit messy as there was paint leaking out over the paint jar. But this could have been a result of having to change from air can to compressor in mid project.
The saw I received did not look like this one. Instead of what appears to be metal screws in the picture. The saw has little plastic triangular shaped pieces that can easily break and at times you have to tighten them to the point where they block your work. Unfortunately that wasn't the worst thing about it.I tried to saw a 1" line through a very thin, soft copper coupler. The saw repeatedly let go of the blade which I was able to pull out of the slot by hand, so it was not due to undue torque. The blade was not pulled lose, the screws that were holding it simply came loose. I was able to insert another blade freely without loosening the holder. The EXACTO saw appears to have the same problem from the review I read. You may want to pass on that one as well.At this point after struggling with it again I would give it ONE star or better yet no stars. It was a waste of money. I'm back to using a coping saw.
This is fantastich!Everything good about a pen is here; weight in hand, smoothness, flow, and even grip, despite a lack of that 'gummy' stuff that's so popular now. I love ROtring nibs, and this one is no different. They're durable as all get-out and have an iridium tip that sets them a class above plain old steel, although they aren't top of the line gold-plated.The bad thing is that the pen can't be topped. You can't put the cap on the top once you take it off. I should have noticed this, of course, but I didn't, and it's really annoying because I have to put it in my pocket when I don't have a desk. Also, the pen itself is pretty long and didn't fit in my coat pocket. I thought about putting a hole in the pocket just to fit it because I loved it so much, but then I left it in Tennessee....
The sewing machine itself is pretty good, but the directions are scattered and unclear. Had to have a friend help me with a few things, and she even had issues when she works with sewing machines for a living.
I compared these scissors to a right hand pair and could find no difference but the price. Save your money and buy a cheap pair at your local store.
My pattern that I have that I was going to use these safety pins on said a size 2 was 1-1/2 inches long, These are 1-1/16 inches long. I suppose I will still try to use them but will probably have to order the right sized ones at some point.
Had a belt I loved but they dye had come off in a number of places. This restored it to full black and looks like new. Easy to use.
Overall, this is a really nice storage unit. Unlike most of the other buyers of this unit, I do not use it for craft purposes. This was my attempt to conquer the many junk drawers in our home. Now, with this cart, we actually have a 'home' for all of those odds and ends that no one ever seems to know where to put. On the negative side, it is a bit flimsy, but a perfectly acceptable level of quality for the price. The bins do attract dust and pet hair, they seem to constantly have static cling! Other than that, it is a really nice unit. Nice size drawers, wheels (2 locking), and easy assembly. I would definitely recommend.
We purchased one, exchanged it because the box did not contain all the parts, then the motor from the second box did not work at all. The manufacturer obviously has little or no quality control.
Hi,This is my second sewing machine. Machine is great and loaded with great features. But if you need to find out a new feature or you are new to this machine be ready to spend 1 hr or more to read the operational manual , because this machine even though a computerized one does not come with an instructional CD. If you need one, you have to pay out of pocket again and pay s/h extra. I found it very disappointing since almost everything now a day comes with a CD and we are getting so used to it, reading the whole manual is very time consuming and difficult to understand. so if you planning to buy this machine, you may want to rethink about it. Whether you are ready to read the manual every time or go for another model?Priya
My wife wanted to spend a lot more on a kiddie table/chairs than I wanted (hundreds of dollars), but I finally convinced her that this set (~$100) would be good enough, particularly since it'll be abused with crayons, markers, rough play, etc. It was straightforward to put together, though (as another reviewer has noted) screwing the screws too much from the bottle of the table surface can result in puncturing the table surface. It bother much much, however (it's a kiddie table, after all). My wife called the manufacturer, and without any fuss, a new table surface was mailed to us quite prompty. After about 10 months of use, the paint has held up well, but the chairs are showing signs of wear. The chairs are slowly starting to come apart at the seams (the dowels are coming loose), though I just force them back together, and they'll be fine for another week. Our kid eats, draws, and plays at/on the table. And often, both my wife and I are both sitting at on these chairs at the table, which may explain why the chairs are coming apart. For the price, I'm still happy with the purchase.
I purchased Beacon Glass Glue to secure a metal frame around a sliding glass window on my motor home. The glass and frame had lost its bond from many years of opening and closing. Beacon Glass Metal Glue secured the frame to the glass with a tight bond and the window has been trouble free for the last 3 years. This is a great product!
I've never sewn before and thought i would buy this cheap machine to hem pants and to do simple projects but it failed almost immediately.Cons:1. it didn't sew through one layer of denim or two layers of thin material.2. the thread kept coming knotted or slipped out of the needle3. once it started sewing, it was very hard to control speed and accuracy.4. it took 30 minutes to sew one hem before i quit using it.Pros:1. it came with all the accessories (needles, thread, pins) that I could use to hand sew projects since the machine didn't work.
the description says WHITE for the color of this product. It is what i was looking for. when i got it, it was not white. it is a flesh color. I got this product to make clay paws for people's pets and it would have been much nicer if it were white. i am dissapointed.
After a month or so of owning a pair of these, one of the blades broke at the pivot while cutting open some plastic packaging. The dog-chewed-up-the-handle pair that my parents have had for what seems like decades would have had no problem.These are not the scissors I was looking for. Perhaps I got a knock-off pair? I don't know, but I am disappointed.
Over the years, I have bought 20 or more of these stupid things. After about 5-10 uses, the hook comes loose from the silicon grip. I have tried purchasing alternative tools that I thought would be more durable but they simply did not perform as well in regard to getting under the fibers without shredding the fiber. My advice is to buy three or more at a time so that when one fails, you always have a back up. :)
This set provides a complete collection of every size one could possibly need for knitting projects. The bamboo ends are smooth and well made and the plastic tubing which connects them seems to be well attached as well.
Two inch buckle, no problem. They cheaped out and put the webbing grip only on 1 side of the buckle so you either have to sew on the other side or purchase an additional part. Why not just make the webbing grip on both sides, duh!
I wore each one of these extensions once and they tarnished by the end of the night. If you need a brown metal extension this is your products.
This item arrived without any of the accessories - without the manual the machine is virtually useless.
this was not at all what I had expected...who wants pictures of those people in the books? Why not something a little more useful... I was sadly dissapointed in the book...but maybe was for someone else.
I should have read the description before I purchased this. The sheets are very small- not the average size tissue paper. Color assortment is great.
Very plastic, and cheaply put together. I didn't really have high expectations for such an inexpensive sewing machine to begin with, but not one things about it impressed me. The needle seems woobly, bobbin is difficult. I returned mine.
Not as sharp as expected. Little clip to hold scissor close was broken. This was however, not important enough to return item. Will shop with you again.
I've had this machine for about 2 years and while I've been able to create lots of projects, a recurring problem has been inconsistent thread tension. Most recently, the bobbin case moves too much and the thread gets jammed and bunched up. I am probably using the wrong bobbin case and some of my thread are of poor quality, so these are likely contributing factors. I am now in the market for a new machine!
I was hoping for the best as there are so many good reviews but these pens were DRY. I one starred and it was never posted! So--here is a three star for their quick refund of my money after I sent it back. But every pen I opened was dry at a ratio of about 1 working to -7dry. I return mailed tham back. I do not know why these were dry as no one else seems to have had this problem---or the one star reviews are never posted? So be aware of the fact that you might get a lemon batch too. At least they refunded money quickly to my credit card.
It has handled my husband's rough n tough treatment. Works easily and has got my hubby interested in leather working again.
received very quickly but the quality is not very good. Acceptable, but looks cheap, and feels cheap and do not think it can last long. Before this, I bought one, made in China, quality was really bad. The picture on amazon showed it was made in Taiwan, I thought the quality would be better than one I had. Bad luck. same quality. Note: the hole is very small.
Got this to put together a drafting took kit. This is just on piece that will come in handy in class.
My daughters friend came over and just showed her how to wind the bobbin, and thread the machine. She took it from there and is making pillows and purses like crazy. If your new to sewing, you need that initial help with any sewing machine.The manuals are actually pretty good, and you could figure out how to operate this machine with them.My daughter was hand sewing pillows, and had a real interest. Not everyone has the knack for this, and it would not matter what sewing machine you bought for them.This sewing machine is a bit heavy to be moving around all the time. I recommend a Singer if your looking for something light weight.
I love to sew. Creating that perfect fit garment is not so difficult when you can make those little tweeks while the item is on the model. I love my double. I have the measurements set to mine and I het the perfect fit every time!The product could be a little more sturdy, but I don't plan on moving it around, so it siuts my needs
These are one of the most beautiful origami paper ever! They have a texture that make them have a 3D effect on them. The designs are exceptional and make my heart flutter!
This is a great product for making things move a little quicker when quilting.I find it to be very useful in many capacities. Now if I could just get it off of the floor...stick...stick...stick....
great product. was exactly as advertised. it was easy to install and use even for someone with limited computer skills.i still need more time to work with the memory card in the machine, but so far like it very well
I tried this on a small accessory piece for a ceramic village. It did not hold up the item. Perhap I needed more practice.Jean
I ordered this for craft/sewing room storage and think it'll work well. The metal and plastic are very attractive although a little light-weight (chrome pieces are a little thin and hollow) so they may not last a lifetime but I think they're good enough for the price.
It didnt work for my black jacket so i will prefer to buy something different brand. i spend about 24 hours.to get it dry
The blades appear to work well, but the picture online lead me to believe that the entire blade and handle were metal. They cut ok, but not as well as I expected.
When I first saw this dress form I was very excited about getting it. Amazon and Company shipped the item in great timing but when I got it. Overall, the item was poorly made. I was very dissapointed and sent back the product. The company refunded my money without incidents.
This machine is plastic junk that makes lots of noise. The pressor foot doesn't line up with the feed dog and you have to push the material through. The light is not worth being there. The start and stop switch is to hard to do and then try to reverse. I used it once and I felt it was going to break! I sounded like it was going to die and this was brand new right out of the box. If my full size machine was making noise like that I would take it to a repair shop. This is not worth buying! Don't waste your money! Buy something like a Viking. Pay the extra money and get your moneys worth that will last a life time.I bought it because I wanted to travel with a light weight machine that would sew anything and that is how it is advertised. It is a lie! I will still look for a light weight machine but I am going to try one out and see how it works and how it sounds before I buy it.
I don't recommend buying these at all.I bought the 36" and 17" set of these needles because I was in desperate need for circular needles. These were a great bargain for the amount of needles you get. Turns out the plastic that is attached to the end of the needles cracks and then breaks. I found myself having to cut and use super glue to reattach them after only a few uses. The breaking is highly obnoxious when you have a ton of stitches on the cable and you don't realize it's broken until all the stitches begin to unravel.I'm using a new type the circular needles where the cable is attached with metal. A bit more in price, but guaranteed to last and in the end be worth the money.
Due to the small size of the spring ring, feeding it through the slot on the zipper tab was very challenging. After several unsuccesful attempts, I decided to get "rough" and really spread the ring open using a small pair of needle-nose pliers. Then, using the needle-nose pliers, I finally got it fed through the slot; then, using a small flat-nosed pair of pliers, I was able to crimp the ring closed. Now that it's done, it works like a charm.SUMMARY: Difficult to fit into old zipper tab but once it is done, it works - really well.
Very solid and sturdy. Looks good enough for the living room. Highly recommend. Good value also. Lyptus wood has an intersting story.
OMG!!!!! I have not touched a sewing machine in 35 yrs and when I received this machine I was a bit intimidated by it but within 20 min. (I kid you not) I was sewing like I knew what I was doing!! I LOVE this machine, very user friendly, just read the booklet and followed along and I had absolutely no problems. I also bought the universal carry case with it but decided to send it back (thanks Amazon for making that process very, very easy), the case was way too big for the machine. This machine does come with a cover that will work for me when I go to quilting class. Thanks again Amazon for making this purchase worth every dollar!!!
It takes a little practice to be accurate in your cutting of fabric. It cuts very well and through at least 4 layers of fabric. I was very pleased.
One of my students in a basic sewing class came in with this machine. I was impressed...even more so now that i have seen the price. It was easy to thread and wind a bobbin on, as well as having some of the ease of use features that you find on more expensive models. I would recommend this for newer sewers, or as a travel machine for more experienced ones.
I wasn't sure what a #14 brush was as mentioned in the Product Description.So, I went to the FineArtStore Web site & found this item advertised there as a 1" brush. What I received was a 3/4".But I am pleased to say they corrected the mistake immediately and with no hassle at all.I am slightly less pleased that the 1" brush I received was only 15/16" long. There is no mention in the Product Description about length so I guess I have nothing to complain about. I had expected something closer to 1" x 1-1/4" though.
Okay, it is a glue gun. Not much to write home about.The HIGH switch gets the glue really hot. I have used it on NUMEROUS projects. I have the blisters that prove it! :-)The HIGH setting creates really hot glue, try not to catch things when you drop them.Cons:1) I wish it had an off switch, not just High/Low. I keep having to unplug it and plug it back in.2) The Main ring fell off (near the tip), and the top is separating a bit, maybe warping from heatBut the gun works fine. It does NOT come with a single glue stick... I Feel it should come with 2-3. Luckily I ordered some the same day.
My brother ES-2000 sewing machine lasted for exactly one project. Near the end of the project, the thread became very tangled in the bobbin case; the machine beeped at me repeatedly and indicated an E6 message. I looked up the error code and untangled the thread. The machine was unresponsive so I power cycled it. It beeped for a good long while after being turned back on and then never did anything every again. Huzzah for cheap plastic crap!So far Brother's "Support" department has not been very supportive. They've pointed me to their gee-whiz-awesome trouble shooting chart: Symptom - sewing machine does not work -> Possible Cause - You have not used the foot pedal correctly -> How to put it right - Use the foot controller properly. Thanks for that awesome advice! And here I thought I was supposed to work it with my tongue. Perhaps I can coerce Brother into replacing it under the so far under-whelming 25 year limited warranty. It appears that the warranty is limited to the original air in the box, however. Seeing as I've already misplaced the factory air, I'm pretty much boned on this one.The light still comes on, but that's about all it can do. I have half a mind to rip it apart and salvage out the motor to build a vandegraff generator. At least I can (safely) shock my students with it. Until I decide to do something else with it, it does a great job propping open the door of my shed.If I could give it a negative rating, I'd be all over that.
This product will cut cloth only at the very tip. Beyond the tip you cannot cut. I returned them. I ordered another pair and had the same problem. Don't buy this brand.
And my husband who is the artist was thrilled even though they are acrylic (he much prefers oil-based). The metallics were a big hit.
Very satisfied with my purchase. A good variety of vintage and new style buttons. I will enjoy using the buttons with my craft projects.
Because I like natural threads, I really like this these handy- assorted color, cotton sewing spools with a needle threader & needles included.The price was very reasonable too!http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000G6FV3O/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_img
This was a replacement for one we had just like it that was used so much the punches became dull.
These scissors worked great for about one week (and I only sew as a hobby) and then they became very difficult to open fully. After reading other reviews I can see I am not the only person to have this issue. I recommend buying a different brand!!
I bought this to iron on a plain white shirt for myself to wear on my wedding day. Well I followed the directions and it did not turn out so great! The stones did not all transfer on to the shirt!!! So I was not happy and did not wear it that day after all.
The top of the box is warped so that there is a large gap in the center between it and the top drawer. Very disappointing
It works fine. Don't forget it's a simple and small machine. But very useful for basic works at home. I've made my living room curtains and all my friends loved it!I have already used other larger and more professional machines, and of couse this one is slower and very light, and sometimes it's difficult to guide the tissue if it's very large (like my curtains).But for the price and the size, I really enjoy it!
This may not be a loupe for the professional, but for the Average Joe (like me) it is a wonderful product to help you magnify those small projects. I purchased mine to use occasionally for inspecting certain small parts on my cars engine...this is exactly what I needed.The only reason that I give it 4 stars, instead of 5, is that it isn't a "high-end" loupe...but it is something that is more geared towards those of us that don't want to spend $30 for a Bausch&Laumb;.
I willingly paid a few bucks more for what I expected to be a quality product. I bought them about a year ago, and was pleased with them, but yesterday I went to cut a piece of paper and they fell apart! The pivot pin was all rusted!What good is the titanium if the hidden pin rusts? For this to be a quality product, it needs a stainless steel pivot. Maybe the packaging should say, Titanium", and other metals which are subject to corrosion? Would you buy it then?I think the plastic caps trap water, leading to this rusting. I ended up pushing out the pin and cutting a #8 machine screw to fit, not really worth the time and effort, but at least I have a working scissors now.Anyone know of a true quality scissors that can be expected to last a lifetime? No reason for a scissors not to, assuming it is not abused.
nice, adjustable size, light weight but not very sturdy - can't say how long it will last
Filled easily, it does come dry. I like the safety latch.Only used once so far but it did the job.Recommend.
Brother Deluxe Electronic Sewing Machine - CS6000iI have really enjoyed using this machine. Easy to get started with clear directions and illustrations. It is very light weight, I easily can lift with one hand to take to my quilting class. I includes many extras like a case, flat surface attachment and several feet for which most machines charge extra. I like the needle threader,it runs smooth and the stitches are easy to change with the chart on the machine front.
Tiny glue stickOverpricedNot for broad applications .. Tiny tipGet a good alternative / brand name at 99 cent store
I knew on the first day I would need those little paper glue on circles that the office people use on paper AFTER using one of these. It's not accurate. Dont buy.
I had to use a lot of food coloring to get the black color I really wanted. I finally achieved a pretty good color.
i got this item for my 13th b-day and it was not what i expexted, this item is good if you are rich, i put some rocks in and turned it on, you had to let ti go for like a month almost but i never got to finish it becase it needed to be pluged in and it was running up the electricity bill and was costing us more money than it was worth so my mom made me unplug it. even though the rocks came out smother then they were when i put then in even though they were not in for the whole time they were also not the right shape to put it on a necles or the rings that they give you and when you do finaly get then on they fall of in like 2 days cuz the glue was not strong enough~ botton line i think you should not waste your time or money on this item~
I actually do not know how well this gadget works since I have not been able to use it. I am not saying it is a bad product, but if you don't know anything about sewing this is not for you. The instructions that come with it have non-specific diagrams which makes it almost impossible to even get familiar with which part is what. it should come with better instructions.
We are a security company and use this gun for cable installation,Over the years we have tested many different brands, and this one is the best.
I bought this mat for our toddler since we have hardwood flooring it was nice to have our daughter have playtime on the mat. The only complaint is that it is poorly made, the material is thin and we have noticed after only having it 9 months that the material itself tears, which could be a potential choking hazzard for any child under 3 years of age. I suggest a more durable mat.
Incredibly unimpressed with the quality of this hole punch. Admittedly, I was looking to punch holes in an Altoids mint tin, but these things didn't hold up at all. They deformed from hand strength alone. I'd return the item but it's nearly unrecognizable after I vented my frustration.
Works as expected, comfortable to hold in hand and use. I had never used a glue gun before, and it was not clear from the included instructions that I had to insert a 2nd glue stick for the gun to push the glue out. Although it wasn't hard to figure out, it would be better if the instructions included it.
I ordered the sewing machine late for a Christmas gift, and had to pay extra for express shipping to get it in time. All went well, machine showed up on time in perfect condition. My only complaint is that the seller simply taped a shipping label to the sewing machine box and did not put it in a shipping box. The UPS lady was walking up the front walk when my daughter spotted her and the sewing machine box (the sewing machine was supposed to be a surprise) and quickly sent my wife to the other room so she wouldn't see what it was. If you are ordering from this seller, do not expect discretion on what is being shipped. Almost ruined Christmas.
I had never used a sewing machine before purchasing this machine by Brother, and though I bought it for just minor repairs, not only is it paying for itself by my not having to replace things I ordinarily would have replaced such as my shirt that was coming apart around the collar I was able to make the repair and it is almost unnoticable, I just saved the price of the shirt because I ordinarily would have replaced it, this unit is also easy to use and works great, I recommend it for anyone that is looking to make minor repairs or to make outfits, I am very glad I bought it.
It arrived missing the 3mm hole punch. The different sizes of punches are just pressed in to the holes on the spinning size selection cylinder. The remaining punches feel like they will probably stay attached to the cylinder. If you are looking for a cheap leather punch, this will work. If you want a nicer leather punch, then you should spend a little more.
This is a good book for those who journal. It is different and creative, utilizing many different means by which to make journals beautiful.
This is a great little machine. I bought it to take with me on extended overseas trips to work on some quilts. It sews wonderfully and is very lightweight (a plus when travelling). I couldn't be happier with it, and would venture to say that it sews every bit as good as my Baby Lock or Viking machines. It just doesn't have all the bells and whistles.I have one CON for it. When sewing multiple layers, it complains very LOUDLY. Other than that, I would highly recommend this machine for anyone who travels and for beginners.
Perfect for storing comic book art from conventions, photographs, original art, genealogy preservation, etc. Easy to slide in the document, picture and fold nicely closed.
I have dried sweaters on this, although it won't fit in my bathtub and it WON'T fold up! I've struggled and struggled to get this thing folded, to put it back in the box. It won't budge. TIRESOME!
I love this sewing machine! The speed levels are great for when I need to sew slowly and quietly or for whizzing through projects. It's a breeze to operate and as always the Brother manual is extremely helpful. The only thing that I'm not completely satisfied with is the needle threader. It doesn't always line up with the eye of the needle and I have to push it sideways. It makes threading the needle very awkward and frustrating.
Definitely not the 30x its sold as. But as cheap stocking stuffers for the kids, pretty good. (Their eyesite is great, so 10x, which is what these seem to be, is perfect for them.)
This Item is great if your just cutting paper or thin material and your not trying for exact placeent. It is also hard to read the scale on the cutter.If you need to cut paper board or thicker material ths is not the one to buy.
Really offers limited protection over a cardboard box. In fact, the box that the swing machine shipped in would offer more protection.The box is poorly constructed and takes up extra space.
Got it to make my polymer clay beads and they work great! The different sizes make it perfect for small to medium jobs and they can handle the abuse :-).. Good value and fast shipping.
I wish I could have afforded the software that would have permitted me to make changes and adapt my own ideas but for now this will work great..... I suggest this software and usb hardware for someone starting out in embroidery.
We bought these thinking that we could use them for informational purposes over a long period. (We'd bought another brand before and they worked wonderfully.) I was incredibly disappointed with these though. The vinyl tore easily, they stayed up on the wall for maybe a day and they weren't true write-on/wipe-off. With a regular dry-erase marker, the writing was permanent.In a fix, these will work, and seem to be the only game in town but I'm going to keep looking.......
The buttoneer is easy to use once you get the hang of loading the fasteners and if you don't have time to thread a needle it's an ok substitute. However, it doesn't work on thick buttons, it doesn't work on thick material, it doesn't work on big shank buttons, etc, etc. Also, it doesn't deploy any kind of catch on the back of the material so the buttons can come back off easily. With the way price tags are attached to clothing today, it seems to me someone could take the buttoneer to the next level and buttons would never come off again.
After struggling trying to understand the self threader instructions, finally got it, but would love for the people who write these things to do a better job. Even having a better illustration would have helped. I have some experience with sewing and that was definitely a plus. I wanted just a basic machine to do simple stitching for repairs and home decor projects. I might attempt to actually sew some clothing, but that remains to be seen. This machine works fine for what I want, and the price was excellent. Don't know if it would hold up to heavy use, but if you need a machine for occasional use and nothing too fancy, this should do the job.
My daughter was very excited to receive this for Christmas, until she tried to change the thread that came with the machine. It literally would not work anymore. I tried everything. Maybe it's defective.....but from other reviews I read, I think it's just a really bad attempt at a great idea. Too bad....she is very disappointed....
these nylon snaps are completely useless. They are better in the trash quite honestly.manufacturer should discontinue making these. a waste of material.
Bought this for my 14 yr old daughter, it's fabulous for her. Arrived promptly and easy to use.
I was looking for a desk and decided on the Reflections Pearl White Student Desk by Thomasville via amazon.com. During the search Amazon recommended this chair to go along with the desk and offered a discount for buying the 2 together. This chair, however, is TOO SHORT to be used at a desk. The seat is 8 to 10 inches too low. When my granddaughter sits in the chair the desk comes to her neck. I would not have chosen the desk if Amazon had not recommended it to compliment the desk. I then had to go and buy another chair.
Thanks for the people who left reviews here. As someone who had not used a sewing machine for over 30 years and who has an 8-year old daughter who wants to learn how to sew, I didn't want to spend ton of money. I am satisfied with this machine. Because I am so bad with instructions, I relied on an experienced friend who guided me through the very first step and within an hour, I was able to do all the basic stitches.Will use this for a long time.
I am a quilter. I wanted an inexpensive, light-weight machine that could travel with me and one that would enhance my workroom along-side my Viking Rose. After months of shopping around I found this machine on Amazon. It has been a joy to work with and at 16 lbs, it easily fits in my carry-on with lots of room to spare. The basic satin stitch is much better and more uniform than my way more expensive Viking that is constantly in the shop for expensive adjustments. It has now become my go-to machine for piecing, appliqu&eacute; and machine border quilting. The selection of built-in stitches is fabulous and it's easy to set up. I love it.
This paper is NOT magenta. It is downright PURPLE! Not AT ALL the color I was looking for. Also the paper was not the soft &#34;construction paper&#34; texture I expected, but I leave that as my fault.
I brought it for drawing, and this one gives a good quality. It's a little bitbig if you only wanna some small sketch
I use lots of different size Xyron sticker machines for scrapbooking which can get quite expensive. But the Amazon price is great.
Super fast shipment, packaged well, something she had wanted for a long time, we have plenty of rocks to work with. glad i got it for her she was excited
Good serger sewing machineJust got a few problem with belt and the looper needle.have to order the new one to replace those parts.If it possible to sell spare part together with the machinethat would be good for some one like me international customerso i don't have to order online from others website for the partsI need to replace and wait 1-2 weeks to get those parts.
Usually a great product but these are very hard to use and after cutting for a while, they freeze up and can't be opened. Tried spraying CRC and that worked for a short itme. I use these for cutting small circles of fabric to top jelly jars and cut many yards at a time. It seems they are defective.
This item was clearly marked at the price per dozen. I received 1 pencil. Really???? $5.00 plus for 1 pencil! I contacted the seller twice. They are "working" on a refund. This is false advertising and they should have to honor their listing. Where I come from a merchant must honor an ad in error until a retraction is printed. These pencils can be bought at several sites in this same price range per dozen on sale. I contacted Amazon and have not heard back from them. This is the 4th time this year I have had a problem with an Amazon merchant. What is going on? I have shopped here for years and never had a problem. I keep coming back for the convenience, service, quality of the products and the prices. But there are new companies making attempts at competion. Amazon has such a huge and varied inventory that it makes it a true "one stop shop." This little fiasco reminds me of the general drop in customer service and product choice at Wal-Mart that followed Sam Walton's passing. This customer will get what I pay for or take my business elsewhere. I want my "old" reliable Amazon back.
I love this dress form, it was everything I expected and then some compared to a lot of others on the market. Would def. recommend it to others.
Be aware that 4 of the 20 patterns in this collection must be sewn on white fabric in order to get the red, white and blue effect. This fact is only revealed on the instruction page buried deep inside the sealed plastic packaging. It may not be a big deal to some, but it severely limits my use of these patterns. I would not have purchased this product if I had known.
My son is a budding artist who loves using these pens to draw. They are smooth flowing,different sizes for different lines, and just a great combination of sizes. The priceis great.
I purchased this last month and have used it quite a bit. So far so good, I love it. I'm a novice sewer who has been taking some classes at a local store (renting one of their higher-end machines). I decided on the Brother CS-6000I after a lot of research. This was within my price range and gets excellent reviews. I did notice that when I set it on a hard surface I have some of the tension issues that people talk about, but if I set it on a softer surface (carpet) I have no issues with the tension at all. I have sewn through thin cotton and knits as well as multiple layers of heavy denim. As long as I switch to the appropriate needle....no issues! I also fixed the crotch-seam in a pair of my step-sons work pants that are a heavy twill. The crotch had so many layers I didn't think this machine would be able to do it. But I switched to a 90 needle and gave it a try....no problem! So far this machine has been a little trooper and I love that it only weighs 13ish pounds....easy to carry.
I have purchased this product twice.The first time it came complete: 6 canvases. No problem. Happy.The second time it came incomplete: 1 canvas. Pissed.I am purchasing it again. Let us see what happens this time...Update: The order just came. Incomplete: 1 canvas. Pissed again.
This is a thorough and comprehensive guide, although it's a bit bulky for field use. I prefer to take Sibley's Eastern guide out with me in the field.
From the picture, this looked much more of a finer yarn than it is. It turned out bulky and unuseable and was not soft at all. Disappointed.
I purchased this machine for the 60 different stitches. This machine is an excellent buy for the price. I had no trouble operating it, I followed each step in the book. I would recommend this machine to someone who is looking for a nice machine without the big price.
has most of the tools i wanted but not happy that you have to put things back together when you are done using it and the glue dries way to fast to be able to use it.and don't like the scrapper not thin enough. Also when using the knife if you push to hard it just pops out which is really annoying.
We bought the Mehndi Henna Kit for our 13-year-old daughter for Christmas and are very disappointed in the product. Years ago, I had my hands hennaed with traditional designs while traveling in India, and we expected the kit to include stencils, examples, and instructions for those kinds of traditional designs--as is implied by the illustrations on the box itself. We also expected that the kit would contain some information about the culture and history of decorating the hands with henna. No such thing. The kit includes the raw materials and equipment for creating the designs. It does not include examples and instruction for creating traditional designs. Very disappointing!
Not as good as I&#8217;d hoped. I get a better edge with the dremel drill. I as hoping this little gadget would be better, as I can fit it in my sewing kit. Wouldn&#8217;t really recommend. I&#8217;m usually a fan of Fiskars&#8217; products, but this did not &#8220;cut the cake&#8221;.
I haven't found a better ink than this one! I love Noodler's ink, especially this waterproof black. It writes smooth and doesn't gob up at the nib. Not to mention, it is domestically made. It really doesn't get better than this ink. Some may argue that the black is not dark enough, but I prefer a little bit of shading. I believe that it gives your writing character!
The cart looks great, however, I have since found the same at Joanne's Fab for $10 less. The drawers fall off track every time I pull them out; the frame is too wide for the drawers. One drawer has already broken on the side, leaving a hole approimately 3" around. Perhaps, if you use for only the lightest weight items, it might work fine. I don't think the items I put in the drawers are heavy. But like I said, it looks great!!!
I grew up watching my mom sew, but never tried it myself. This is the first sewing machine I've owned and I love it! It was pretty straight forward to start, just follow all the steps in the manuel. I have not changed the needle or anything complicated just spinning thread around their bobbin and threading the needle and just sewing and playing with the different stitchings.A couple stitchings seem to sew the beautiful stitch patterns on the front and back of the fabric but others only do the back. Or maybe I set up my thread wrong...A couple times the fabric jammed, or the thread, can't tell which jammed first. I read other reviews which said cheap thread will be more likely to jam, but I can't tell which is cheap or fancy thread. I'm a noob.So far I've sewn a pillow case and a shoulder bag. They are functioning fine and I love the beautiful stitches!
These were great pens, I loved to use these pens. However, two of the six dried in 2 months. The rest have lasted several months now. So, the quality is uneven, but I like to draw with these. The ink is really black and the pens' tips are tiny - great for sketching.
Okay, I was delusional in thinking my little guy who is 3 going on 5 or 6 in height, dexterity and intellect could handle this contraption but I was wrong. It is an ingenious toy but not for youngsters like mine. Plus you need to have the steely steady hands of a brain surgeon and a surface that is perfectly level in order to get all the pieces perfectly lined up to accept the marble on its crescendo march to the end. But when you do suceed in arranging everything just right - your clever little tyke decides that the toy looks better all over the table in pieces. It now has an honorary place on the Thomas the Tank Engine track table as random pieces of toys in the dust.
These stained the grout in our tub. We tried, and tried, to ask our two kids to only draw on the tub. But, we looked away for a second and now our formerly white grout is a lovely pink.
Hello Kitty Sticker MakerMy four-year-old daughter received this for Christmas and was unable to play with it without some major assistance from me. The idea is a good one, you make your own stickers out of virtually any teeny little picture by inserting them between sticky tape and sticker tape. You crank a little handle and the picture slides through (if you're lucky) and is now sandwiched between the tapes and a sticker is born.Unfortunately, the sticky tape and the new stickers have a tendency to get jammed in the slot where they exit when finished. This happened our first time out and, because we didn't realize what was happening, my daughter turned the handle far too many times and the paper and tape turned into a crinkly mess. I managed to fix this with scissors but we were left with very little sticky tape after the ordeal (the set comes with a very skimpy roll by the way). The next few tries were met with varied levels of success. Many of the stickers did not come out smooth. "They're bumpy mom" ~ my sweet child cried in dismay after our third lame attempt. Also, if you do not line up little pictures one after the other you will waste a lot of this precious tape.This product is overpriced for what you get, if you ask me. The sticker machine, the two teensy rolls of tape, a few little cards, a sheet of Hello Kitty printed paper (this is cute), a Hello Kitty stamper & ink pad, stencil, scissors, four cheap crayons, and a storage bin will give you about one hour of frustration. To make matters worse (and up my frustration level to new heights) there was no reorder sheet enclosed in my box for the tape rolls so I have to go on a search to find rolls that'll fit. More likely though, this toy will end up on a shelf collecting dust.My advice? Save your money and buy yourself a roll of clear packing tape and some self-adhesive backed paper instead. You'll get similar results without all of the aggravation.
These are light weight, but they are delicate. I think all of mine have snapped in half. I would go for the aluminum hooks any day.
I am an Art teacher that has been using Fiskars student scissors for 10+ years. When I received my latest order of scissors, they were of this new type with the "larger" handles (exactly like these, but without the "softgrip"). Because of the new way that the blades are seated into the handles, they are prone to become loose and wobbly, eventually rendering them impossible to cut with. This is at the plastic connection point, not the pivot screw, so they cannot be re-tightened. I have 10 year old pairs of the other style that cut better than these new ones. Furthermore, the new, "larger" handles actually have smaller finger openings-- so they are uncomfortable for larger-handed students to use or for adults to demonstrate with.
The directions manual is not very elaborate,but with practice, imagination and perseverance, you'll figure out how it works. I've used it a couple of times so far, and it is neat, and quite easy to use. I haven't done any major sewing work with it, so it may be a little early, but as I said, so far so good...it's of a good size, I like to color, it's elegant and it delivers, what else can you possibly want?! Just keep in mind this is not for major sewing projects, just little adjustments, hem, etc. here and there, and you'll be happy with the product!
This is a must have ruler in your supply. The 12.5 x 12.5 size is perfect for cutting the large blocks I do. Its nice and sturdy, the yellow printing is great on darker colors, but hard to see on lighter colors of course. The product is very good, just as I had expected. I would recommend it to anyone. The order arrived on time and in perfect condition.
I finally decided to buy a sewing machine to make minor repairs/alterations. I had basically no experience working with sewing machines previously, but was able to get this machine out of the box, up and running within about 20 mins. While it took a few minutes to get up and running, it was basically very straight forward and has already paid for itself with the basic hem repairs (our cleaners/tailors wanted 20$ a pop for hem repairs on my wife's dresses-no so much my friend, I did it in like ten minutes) and stitching up my kids jeans. Sweet!
I expected a number of different baby hats. All I got was the same pattern over and over, with the only difference being the "decorations" that had to be created and attached to the hat!
Guess I should have read that they were Synthetic and Bristle Stencil Brushes. I was expecting soft brushes. Although I brought these for my 3 year old so she really doesn't care or even notice.Other than my mistake these brushes are nice. Comes with a lot and nice sponges. MY daughter has had a lot of fun using these brushes and sponges. Good buy for the price.
The release to retract the blade for safe storage is a great idea. But it it's right where your thumb grips the tool so you'll be cutting and CLICK - blade retracted. Other than that design flaw the concept is great and the tool works perfectly. I've saved so much time cutting material over scissors.
Easy to use, great coverage, and stays on all day without smearing or bleeding. A huge step up from the cheapo face paints available at toy stores. Make sure you use appropriate tools -- sponges and brushes -- for the best possible application.
Bought this for me wife. She loves it! It gets the job done and it's easy enough to move out of the way when necessary.
This is a fine product, but there is no mention what the quantity is on this price. If the price is for one canister, then the price is ridiculous. If the price reflected a quantity of more than one, I would consider purchasing from this source once this information is disclosed, but I will not even consider a purchase until I know what I'm getting for my money.
THIS SPECIFIC FRAME IS EXACTLY WHAT YOU NEED FOR PUNCHNEEDLE. IT WILL HOLD YOUR PROJECT VERY TIGHTLY AS YOU WORK ON IT. MY ONLY COMPLAINT IS THAT A 6 1/2 BY 6 1/2 IS A LITTLE TOO SMALL. I WOULD RATHER HAVE A 10 BY 10 FRAME.
My daughter bought this yarn to start a knitting project. It is nice yarn, but it is a tiny skein and it had a LARGE price tag.Check prices elsewhere to avoid getting RIPPED off.
I guess I should have read the reviews before buying. I tought these were craft buttons, not kids learning tools which is what they were.
Put the caps back on. Use a straightened paper clip to clear out anything that dries the nozzle. If the pen becomes hard to squeeze, or the glitter flow is unsubstantial it is probably because the tip has clogged. I purchased these for five year old girls who did very well with them, but were tempted to just squeeze out puddles because they are easy to use. Even with such artistic determination from my little Rembrandts there was still plenty of glue and glitter left. I have nothing to compare these to, but I believe them to be fine products.
The tool is made in Taiwan and looks and feels like it. I received the hole punch and found it was damaged in shipping. Two of the cheaply made punches were collapsed in from the shipping box hitting something. For what I paid for it isn't worth returning. The remaining punches punch holes pretty good now(hence the 2 star rating), but I question how this tool is going to work as it ages. The brass anvil on the punch will most likely dull the punch dies quickly. The rotating punch selector works well. The punch came in a piece of crap plastic pouch that was already tore and was basically garbage. If I was a professional or an advanced hobbyist I would not purchase this item. This is NOT the best hole punch on the market.
I was initially impressed when I first bought this machine. It was fairly simple to use. After a few months the computerized part of the machine shorted out (my sissors touched the needle when I was clipping a thread), which has made the machine now useless. I called Brothers NOT tollfree support line,and was on hold for a half hour. The 'lady' I spoke too was definately not helpful(or courteous), I can take the machine 200 miles away to their 'authorized service center' otherwise they can't help me. So basically I now have a $300 paperweight. After dealing with the support center, and with their sub-par product, I will never buy another brother anything. Save your money, buy a singer to start with!!!
These guys don't even get around to shipping your order for a week, and then hide behind their asinine "policy" as the reason their delivery to the buyer is so slow. 99% of the companies I've done business with this year ship same day or next day, so I was disappointed because I expected this from them too.
Cheap plastic? Check. Mediocre tools? Check. Under five bucks? Check.I would certainly not recommend this as a main sewing kit, but as a travel kit, emergency supply, or even college dorm kit, it's just fine. It has multiple needles, colors of thread, scissors (that, let's face it, couldn't cut butter), a needle-threader, extra buttons and snaps, and a few other supplies. It may be super-cheap, but it gets the job done well enough. Just don't rely on it too heavily, because a masterpiece of engineering and manufacturing it is not.
I like all of the acids you get and they are big bottles too. The big downside is the stone is useless. I have to buy a stone that will allow the material to leave a mark on it.
I was super excited when I opened the box for the Singer DF151 Dress Form! It was in perfect condition all factory wrapped etc. The product works great and is super easy to use. The instruction booklet was helpful to let me know which knobs to turn in order.
I have found that all the card dies are much smaller than they look in the pictures...more the size of little gift tags. It would be helpful if the dimensions of the finished cards were listed.
I bought this material for painting with acrylic paint. The paint does not adhere to the material, and I have been able to peal the paint off. Any Ideas what might work better?
The pen itself was visibly as depicted: a Murano-style glass pen, with all the slight irregularities that should be expected of hand-shaped glass. I could not rate how the ink flowed from the pen, as the pen had been very poorly packaged and had arrived broken in two places. Most disappointing, as this pen was intended to be given as a gift.
One of the best price/performance papers, and a standard for graphite artists.This is a good all purpose paper for graphite drawings. Nicer and more sturdy than sketch paper, but with less sheets.
I managed to use pliers to make them fit but the rings still slide to the back of my fingers.
Ordered 4 rolls for $5 each. I thought they were bigger than they were so I had to order another 4. The price went from $5 to $5.50. Today the price is over $9. Something is wrong with this listing. Not too happy with purchase.
The punch is of high quality. It seems durable and quite heavy. The only thing I don't like is that the paper gets stuck in the punch sometimes and I have to tear it out. That would be a problem if you wanted the flower shaped hole rather than the flower shape (hope that makes sense).
I have to admit that I was a bit disappointed when this toy first arrived. It looked less than impressive at first, but I wrapped it up and gave it to my duaghter for Christmas anyways. As my daughter has colored it, it has turned out to be cute. She has enjoyed coloring it and making it her own. Glad I chose to keep it now! She's really had a good time with it.
Wasn't personally for my use but didn't hear any complaints from ther person that requested it so it must have met their needs.
Not a great glue gun. Must treat it very gently or the trigger handle that forces the glue stick forward will break. Cheaply made>
Received the machine in excellent condition. Packing was great, easy to unload. The stitch tension was off but after several adjustments, it's sewing like a dream.Love the new sewing machine.
This pad looks bigger than it is, I suppose I should have paid more attention to the actual measurements, lesson learned.
This product was easy to handle, use, and clean up. A small bottle will go a LONG way. Perfect size.
So much better than standard, drug store seam rippers. I just opened several difficult seams, and it went at least five times faster. I cut my finger deeply, though, and didn't even realize it until I washed my hands some time later. It is also easy to carelessly cut the fabric, so be careful.Initially, I feared this sort of ripper wouldn't be any better than an exacto knife. However, the curved blade combines with the way the metal was sharpened to function far, far better. exacto blades, in close up, are actually slightly serrated and saw rather than slice. This ripper is designed for it's task. It's more like a scalpel. The right tool for the job. I'm quite pleased.
I have been trying to return this item, but I can not get a response!
Adorable! This is much cuter than it looks in the picture and has some dimension to it which adds a nice touch to the page.
My 4-year-old bought this with a Christmas gift certificate. It looked like fun on the box and sounded like it came with a lot of accessories. It turns out all the "machine" does is tape Hello Kitty pictures onto label tape. While my girls had lots of fun making the stickers, all of the supplies were gone within a few hours. Also, the labels seemed to be of poor quality. Half of the time, when the girls peeled the backing off, the sticky part came off as well and we had to tape the stickers on with masking tape. There was no information on ordering additional supplies, but I doubt I would want to buy more tape anyway. This is one of the more disappointing toys I've ever seen.
I've been an origami enthusiast for many years and have paid varying amounts of money for origami paper. This is one of the best deals I have found anywhere for origami paper.Things you should know about this product:- It is NOT high-quality origami paper. Know what to expect and you will not be disappointed. It is slightly pulpy and can get worn down in areas where many folds intersect.- This paper is indispensable for practice and learning how to fold new models. Come on, would you really want to waste a sheet of expensive washi paper trying to fold something you've never attempted before?- It is colored on both sides.- You really get the most bang for your buck with this product. 500 sheets at a time also makes it suitable for modular origami, which requires many sheets of paper of the same size.- The color selection is acceptable. You get a total of ten different colors: brown, dark green, light green, blue, light blue, lavender, red, fuschia, orange, and yellow. (I would have preferred if they had some more delicate pastel colors in there, but oh well. Unfortunately, their neon-like fuschia color is the closest you can get to pink.)- Its fold memory is SLIGHTLY less than normal origami paper. ("Normal" meaning the typical one side colored, one side white stuff.) This means that if you fold it, it has more of a tendency to spring back to its original flat form. To give you a general idea: on a scale of 1 to 10, 1 being cardboard and 10 being aluminum foil, I would rate "normal" origami paper to be about a 6 and this product to be about a 5.- It does not have any curling problems like regular one-sided origami paper has. If you place it flat on a table, its ends will not roll up or curl. (I always found this to be really annoying...) I imagine it has to do with the fact that the fibers used in this paper are a little bit thicker and rougher than what is used in other origami papers.Although it is not the highest quality origami paper, I rate it 5 out of 5 because of its price and the sheer number of sheets you get.
this tool dosen't work well at all once i thought i had the back aligned i applied pressure it was not enough so i gave more pressure until the crystal broke there must be a better way
Like other reviewers have mentioned this rounder leaves a "step" if you aren't careful but since it's easy to align and punch upside down the step is easy to avoid. The problem I ran into is when trying to punch anything thicker than cardstock the rounder jams and it takes some effort to get it working again. This is the first rounder I've tried so I'm not sure what other ones on the market are like but I'm a bit disappointed that I can't round the edges of laminated pictures because it will jam.
I have always liked the Joyce Chen scissors, This is a welcome addition to my collection.
I have had it heating for two hours and I get about a pin-head's worth of glue out of it. The glue inside is melted. Just won't come out no matter what I do. I'm very disappointed.
I love this machine! It's lightweight, which I love. It's easy to use and I am very happy with the results so far. One of the features that I really like is when you choose a stitch it automatically selects the stitch width and length that is appropriate for that stitch but you can still adjust it for your particular project.It's relatively inexpensive and I would recommend it for a beginner sewer or quilter.
This product exceeded all my expectations.First, the 30x magnification loup provided very clear images, and good optical qualities, and capable of incredible detail.The lens seems to be glass (as opposed to acrylic or plastic), and the housing is a good grade, sturdy steel with a highly-polished finish.It comes packaged in a nice clamshell plastic case, for permanent storage, if one desires.All in all, I was very impressed with the quality, price, usefulness, and speed of shipping.A very good find.
All of my pictures came out red. I returned the ink cartridge along with samples of the red pictures. I still need the ink, but I don't know where to buy it. I will probably try to buy it directly from Amazon.
I purchased these to use for clipping threads while sewing. I used them twice before putting them aside. They feel cheap, they don't cut well at all.Put your money towards a better pair of clippers....I think my toenail clippers would work better than these do.
Item arrived on time and intact. So far there have been no problems. The wife loves it. She says the computer stitching is really great. She completed work on a dress yesterday. Everything worked as expected. She says, give it 5 stars.
While the pictures of sweet toddlers in classic colors and designs is tempting. Don't bother with this book - or other Debbie Bliss books. I am currently making the Eylet Dress and had to make an appointment with my yarn store's Knitting Doctor. Even she couldn't make sense out of the instructions on the neck shaping. So with her help, I am now 'winging it'. This woman also told me that I was the 2nd person she helped just this morning with a Debbie Bliss pattern. And another employee also told me that she has trouble with DB patters as well. Trouble is there are no diagrams as to what size the pieces are supposed to come out. After spending $35 on yarn and $20 for a book of designer patterns, I don't expect to be 'winging it'. Needless to say, I will never buy a Debbie Bliss book again.
Received them quickly. I was so very excited to try them after everyone's rave reviews. I was disappointed. I guess getting them on sale was my biggest mistake. The set came with the 05 totally dry and the 03 ran out after one use. I even thought it might be clogged but I was using them on dry bristle paper so there is nothing to clog the point. I continued to use the others and 3 month into using them they are all totally all dry. So I am very disappointed. I will not buy these again. I will spend the extra money and get the refillable pens.
Please do not order this kit if you want the winter forest scene. "Rocky Point" is actually a lighthouse on a shore. Click on the customer provided photo to see what the actual kit looks like. I made the mistake of ordering this kit, thinking I was ordering the winter forest scene and was very disappointed to get the lighthouse, and am now trying to get a full refund and had to return the kit. Then I was told by Supermart that they did not have the winter scene kit in stock. I found it at Joanne's Fabrics and ordered from them instead. The winter scene kit is called "All is calm". I am also disappointed that although I brought it to the attention of Supermart that the wrong picture is displayed with this kit, they have not changed it yet.
I liked the pretty pink flowers in this piece but the bird's nest and one of the adult birds got lost on the branch when I finished! The plain background was not stiff and puckered easily. At least this one gave me good practice...
I was expecting something good but instead I got a toy like sewing machine.
I bought this for my daughter. I thought it would be a fun activity for us at home. I was excited about it thinking it would be fun. This product was a huge disappointment. The ink was dried out or something was wrong with it. After trying the ink on a couple of stamps we put the set away. We probably wont be playing with it unless I go buy ink elsewhere.
It is a good product. It simply transfers your images from your computer to your machine. I would buy it again simply because I did not have another way of doing that at the time.
This origami paper is the same color on both sides so many of the models that require a white/contrast color side will not come out as well using this paper.
I love my Fiskars. You really can't go wrong with them. Every pair of scissors I own are Fiskars.I bought these for the micro-tip so that I could get under the hair while cutting fur fabrics. They are well made, comfortable and perfect for the job.Yes, Fiskars cost a little more than brands, but they are well worth it.
I would buy this product again. I like it becasue of the cover for it is the cover that makes the album outstanding.
I received this machine as a birthday gift just over 2 years ago. I sew almost daily with this machine ranging from thin knits to denim (making jeans). As long as you keep your machine clean on the inside then you should never have any problems. About a year ago my machine started grinding and not sewing like the joints inside were stuck. I called to see how much it would cost to service it, $100 and a few weeks wait.. I decided I would open it up myself and if I couldn't figure it out then I would buy a new one since servicing would cost almost as much.I grabbed some q tips and rubbing alcohol. I opened the entire machine up so it was in 2 large pieces (you have to be careful as there are wires connecting the pieces). I began cleaning the lint off of everything! I thought I had gotten it all and tried my machine to see if it worked, it didn't. I went back in and tried to find something I missed. On the underside of where all the bobbin work is there were some rubber gears that had gunk on them, along with that gunk was a years worth of lint! I cleaned that up until it was all gone. Put my machine back together and whala! It ran better than I ever remembered.That is the only problem I have ever had with this machine. As long as you use the right feet and needles for the right material than this machine should last you years! I have recently received the Brother SE400 as a gift but I mainly only use it for embroidery since the cs6000i is my work horse.
This glue gun is pretty sturdy and has nice thick glue sticks. The problem is you need to have a warrior hand to operate it. The button to be pressed would get so stiff my hand was getting a work out. I found it a bit clunky to work on my craft projects. Particular for finer work. Theres just not enough flexiblity to be had with this glue gun. Also the glue would not come out at times. I would have to place it on its stand, for a few minutes, then use it. As a doll crafter I want to keep going. Just like other crafters. I am keeping the gun for big repairs. But I find a mini gun is just better and easier for the kind of work that I do.
I concur with other reviewers that it's just "ok" because it's not anything special, really. It's only as precise as the person using it because if you're not holding it just right and don't push down on it correctly, it won't necessarily cut the way you'd like it to. It is not meant for thick paper and for multiple sheets of thin paper, for that matter. I think it's really only good for random small things that you don't need to cut often.
Good sturdy case, but as it is a universal case the sewing machine does slip around a little bit.
I usually use this paper with a field set by Windsor & Newton but I just bought a new set of permanent markers and this paper works very well with the pens too. The surface is just smooth enough to allow the pens to glide across the paper. With the heavy weight I don't have to worry about the permanent ink bleeding through.Easy to cut down to other sizes so this paper is going to be doing some traveling in the near future as art postcards.
I agree with other purchasers of this case..best use is as a dust cover, not a carrying case. It's hard to close..trying to fit the lid into the flimsy grooves on the bottom is a pain and it's very thin. I was worried the sewing machine would fall out while walking as it slides around inside. I purchased it for my daughter so it served it's purpose as her first sewing machine and case but I wish cases were still made like the fitted one on my old Burnina. Now that sturdy, fitting case was what I'd call quality! You could just remove the top and sew, it fit the sewing machine perfectly and even had storage in the bottom. This cheap thing should have been given free with purchase of a sewing machine.
Sculpting Wheel- 7" Diameter All Metal with Ball Bearings: This wheel is very heavy and sturdy. It spins well and was very easy for a beginning clay potter to use. My granddaughter is 10 and is enjoying it very much along with the air dry clay and accessories I purchased. I highly recommend this one, much better than the plastic motorized ones, clay stays on the wheel.
I received these shears as a gift. Shortly after the first use, the shears came apart. I looked in the drawer and found all the pieces and reassembled the shears. The middle screw is loose and doesn't completely tighten. Every time before I use the shears, I have to tighten the screw. After one time in the dishwasher, the metal spring was rusted. I'm shopping for new shears.
extremly dissapointed, not in the quality (although it is not briliant too...) but on the package itself. i really needed the heart shaped punch, and wayted for it for 2 weeks, and when i finally got it... it was a star punch. I can't even return it, cause i got it delivered to another country... very very dissaponted. if i needed the star shaped one, i would buy it :( blah :(
I just started getting into the whole Chinese Calligraphy, and I may not have bought this from Amazon, but it was the only box left at a Chinese store in a mall. The brushes are indeed small, but are still good enough to hold, I'm a teenager and I was able to hold these well. The accessories are great to keep, but the bristles on the brushes are not the greatest. The key is to let the brushes dry vertically, and that is why the loops are at the end. It would be great if they had a Brush tree rack or whatnot, but I just use nail filer sticks resting over a counter ^^; Anyway, The Ink stick is REALLY REALLY weak. Very pretty, but again it's more for a beginners. I just used it for the first time tonight and I found it hard to get the ink to get dark. But at least I'm happy that I found a better way to get the accessories I needed.For people who wanted directions:The little cup on the right is for water, and there is a little spoon under the ink pad to scoop it out... hint, you need to tilt the cup in order to fill the spoon up.The little mountain shaped thing is a brush rest, so like if you needed new brush because the bristles are tired (that happens a lot it seems) you rest it there and etc.The stone and the other container on the left is a stamp that you would find on calligraphy murals with the red. This is your signature. You will need to carve your stone in order to do this correctly. I was told people can do it for you but I'm not sure how much it would cost.
I have had more problems with this machine, the E6 message keeping coming on, indication of thread tangled in the machine, however, I can find no thread in the machine, even after taking the machine apart as much as possible, this is happened so far several times, a few times I cleaned it and it was fine, twice it was a major problem but after a few days , it cleared out itself, but now after two weeks I still can not get the machine to work, tomorrow I wil bring it to the shop, and it's only a few months old. I have never had this much problem with a machine and I have been sewing for ver 30 years. I have a very inexpensive Shark machine, I have to keep going back to.
This is a good quality airbrush kit for the money. easy to use and clean. Paint quality as good as a factory paint job on my model trains
My 9 year old daughter was extremely pleased with this box! She loves the way it's so compact and everything she needs is right there. The only complaint is that the latches are not very sturdy, one already broke off on her the day she got it. But she looks beyond that and enjoys all the supplies she has access to now.
I love my new Brother serger! This is a dream to use and is not getting any rest since I received it.
i like it for the most part. I have had some problems with the tension. The Machine is simple and does not cost a lot. Be a great machine for people just starting out. I have had mine for other a year.
Just a little thin but great buy for $7.00 time will tell, if I get &#62; a year? it's all good
This works like every other adhesive spray that is re position able.....I bought way too much of this product so did not use most of it.
It is beginner quality. You may have already expected this because you see the price. One cent price, one cent quality - the Chinese saying.
I use this product for both pattern alterations, and design. I would not call this sketch paper, it is a nice weight transparent paper...tracing paper. Great price, great product. I highly recommend.
These safety backs are difficult to slide onto the earrings until they have been used multiple times, because the holes are a bit too small. Since I am fumble-fingered, I drop them constantly. This hasn't been as much of a problem with safety backs that have come with some of my earrings. Otherwise, they are fine.
I was disappointed that what I received was different than the item pictured. Although I received similar contents - the tool + blades, I received a red one in a box with no wrapping, giving the impression it had been used or opened before. All the blades were inside of the tool and the tool was just placed in the box. I already own a red one and was hoping for the purple, but I guess I'll find out when I use the blades whether they've been used or not. I did receive the item much faster than I had expected though (because it doesn't ship from amazon). This seller should make a point of delivering what they advertise!
First of all this is torch lighter will work almost forever. The flame will get hot enough to solder, even melt a penny. The tank will even hold enough fluid to burn for an extended amount of time. The only real draw back is the lighter is not wind proof. Even the smallest breeze will easily blow out the flame. So if you plan on a purchasing a lighter that you will NEVER use outdoors or even under a fan, then this is a good choice.
Well this review is not regarding the function of this product as I purchased this for a x mas gift for my wife. I got the thing extremely fast. No complaints. very amazed at how fast actually. Seems like it shipped from across the street or something.Now my complaint- When I ordered it asked if it was a gift and I specified it was. It asked if I wanted to submit a gift message. I did that also. So now today the thing is setting on my kitchen table when I wake up. My wife found the box outside on my steps and brought it in the house and set it on the table. So the way it shipped-usually when you get an item and you would think when it ships as a gift,it ships in a box which does not clearly specify what is in it. Well this came in no special brown shipping box or package . It shipped in a brother serger box with a big old photo of the serger right on the box along with detailed description of what is in it.So much for the suprise factor or the so called"ship as a gift option"
This is the first sewing machine I ever used, and OMG it is perfect! I never used a sewing machine prior to this one (I used to sew by hand) and it works so well. I was surprised how smooth this machine worked. It is so easy to use and easy to set up. I have a hard time understanding written instructions, but these instructions were so simple for me to read. To set up the machine, they give you a picture of how to do it (which shows you step by step) and of course the written directions. I know alot of the reviews said that the instruction booklet is hard to read, but...it REALLY is not!Anyway, I LOVE this sewing machine and it is so great to use.
i have only used my sewing machine 10 times or so, then the belt started slipping and now has to be repaired costing as much as i paid for the darn thing. not such a deal at all..
Like other reviewers, I had problems with the bobbin winder. I took my machine apart (its flimsy plastic parts made this a delicate process). Turns out the bobbin winder wheel was completely melted and no longer engaging the gear behind the hand wheel.I took the machine into the repair shop and the owner tried a few different sizes before finding the right part. In case anyone wants to save on labor costs for this common problem, the bobbin winder wheel for this machine is a donut-shaped rubber piece with an inner diameter of 3/8" and an outer diameter of 3/4" by my measurement.The repair guy said he hates this model because its cassette threading system is so fiddly and flimsy; the machine is hard to take apart and reassemble; and both these issues are compounded by the delicacy of the mostly plastic parts. He recommended Singer machines for durability ("they're like the John Deere tractors of sewing machines").Nonetheless, I've used my CS-80 for up to 8 hours at a time without trouble, aside from the melting rubber wheel. Tension is even and consistent, threading is easy (but requires a careful touch), and operation is simple. It even works without the included foot pedal--you adjust the speed with a slider--but I prefer the pedal to keep my hands free for guiding the fabric.Overall, not the worst machine out there. It's been running fine for 5 years, is made to never need oiling, and handles lightweight and occasional sewing beautifully. But if you're doing a lot of sewing, the difficulty of repair and general flimsiness mean that you should look for a sturdier, heavier machine.
I was very, very disappointed with this order. The wax came to me , not in a regular box just the wax in a brown packing box, I have no ideal if this is the wax that I ordered and paid for. I would never send someone a order like this. I do not recommend this seller to anyone. Very un- professional to say the least. I would never order from this seller again. I threw the wax in the garbage , no way could I use this not knowing what on earth it is and who made it.
This product probably would work great for an expert or someone with some experience in glass cutting. I had no experience with cutting glass and was trying to cut off the bottom of wine bottles for centerpieces at our wedding (have candles underneath). Anyway, it worked great for etching the glass like it was suppose to but with the thick wine bottles it was hard to keep a straight line and have a clean enough edge to sand down. It really just came down to my lack of experience or perhaps the application was trying to use it on.
The box arrived as expected but over half the paints had a hard cottage cheese consistancy and were not usable.
I purchased this as a gift for my niece who is interested in learning to do needlework. I'm hopeful she be happy with it.
The packages are marked 2oz (56g). That's 2 1/4" x 1 3/4" x 3/4", or 57x45x18mm.Haven't tried using them yet, so can't comment on the quality.
This worked perfect to snip the corners off of my daughter's birthday invites. The invites were printed on card stock and the size was 5x7. The corner size was just the right size. Great find!
I bought this as a gift for a friend's daughter. She told me that she had used up all the stickers within a matter of minutes. Not worth the money unless you buy extra stickers. She did enjoy it tremendously, though.
These are great scissors for left-handed people. My son is 15 and really needed these to help with his art. However, I am very upset that I just purchased them last week for $31 and now they are $18. I would like a refund for the difference! Anyway, see video of cutting with these scissors at: [...]
Have not had need to use it yet. so far so good. bottle has not leaked
It says "Ice Blue" but really the color is violet. We tried on multiple t-shirts made by different brands. Having said that, it really is a nice shade of violet...close to say lilac so I can't say "i hate it" which would render it a 1-star. Still, the product is not as the manufacturer has stated.
I really like the way the animal's name coincides with the letter printed on it. For example; the yak shaped piece has a "Y" on it, the "W" is shaped like a whale. Our other foam puzzles which my five year old enjoys, do not have nice storage cases. This foam alphabet has a clear, zippered case. The connections from one ainmal to the next seem a bit delicate. That's why I didn't rate it with five stars but I am pleased with this toy.
My husband is a geologist, I m interested in Petrology...these lenses are of great quality and the price is a bargain...my husband is also a astronomer and has made his own lenses...and was so impressed by the quality of these lenses that he has sort of taken ownership over them, might have to get another one for me.
This cleaner works just fine. That being said, the bottle leaks like crazy even when closed. It leaked so much that I kept it in a zip lock bag, which began to smell terrible.I ended up throwing it away. Waste of money because of the horrible packaging.
Maybe I over baked the clay, though I was careful not to, but it doesn't erase well. Leaves a dark mark.It is fun to sculpt and comes with two tools for creating fine details. The colors are very vibrant and pretty.I'll experiment more with baking times and if I notice a substantial difference in the erasability, I'll update my review.
I bought a bunch of these rhinestone iron ons for my self and my bridesmaids. I did the bridesmaids shirts first and they all worked perfectly. This one however, some of the adhesive wasn't on the rhinestones when i opened the package therefor I was not able to iron them all on. I just wish it worked like the other ones I had bought. The rhinestones that did adhere stayed on though.
This is a good product overall. My only issue is that the links are much larger than most necklaces I have, so it shows more if my hair is up or it slides to the front. It would be nice if there was a set with smaller links. Otherwise, great product quality.
I got this "universal case" but it's little more than a box with a snap on lid. There are no provisions for securing the machine or its parts, just set the machine on the tray and clip the lid on. I'm a little disappointed.
This book has lots of cute patterns that are fairly simple to make. I would definitely recommend this book to others.
The drawers will not stay on there slides they keep fallinf on to one another and there is hardly anything in the drawers this is a piece of junk
Beware of buying from seller - Ben Franklin. I ordered this product on November 28th, and assumed that because it was so close to Christmas that that is why my order still had not been shipped out by December 5th. Then when I checked my e-mail, I had a message on 12/5 saying that my order was cancelled. No reason was given, it just stated that my order was cancelled and my credit card would not be charged. I was going to cross-stich this as a gift, so I am very upset about this.
I bought this item due to what other people stated in their feedbacks. I was more than excited to get this item and try it out. Unfortunately, the term "you get what you paid for" is so true. This is a piece of trash. I scored the tile and it took a lot of effort to break it. When it broke, it did so somewhat on the score mark but mostly not. It cracked diagonally making it impossible to try to break the rest of the tile off that didn't snap off as one piece. This was true for the glass as well. It just shattered the glass and broke it not on the score line. I even went over the score line a few times and that didn't help.I'm not sure what the 5-star folks were doing that I wasn't but I would pass on this one...or shell out the money to try the more expensive version.
There are maybe 2 cute hats in this entire book, and that's including the hat on the front cover of this book. These are the ugliest hats I've ever seen with crazy color combinations, oversized flowers and bunches of colorful worm looking I- Cords on top of these hats. Looks more like a clown show, nothing cute about it!
Was excited to get calendar quickly, but disappointed in the shipping price. won't be ordering anymore as to the shipping is unacceptable. the calendar doesn't have the month on them either or room to print the month. that was disappointing because when i put the month in, it has to be small.
Not sharp.. Comfy to hold but does not do the job well, first day i use it, i put it away and never touch it again.Its just getting in my way trying to use it to do my projects.
I'm a guy, and we had to sew up some pants for my daughter school uniform. After figuring things out, I was able to hem up a pair of pants with no drama. Decent little machine for run of the mill stuff like this, as well as plenty of other crafty stuff you may run across from what I can tell with all the stitches this thing can produce.
I haven't really used it yet, but I am sure it will come in handy. I do plan to apply to doing my crafts.
I am not a super crafter. I use this to fix things like hair-ribbons, toys, etc. That said, it seems to be sturdy, safe, and well worth what I paid for it. I would purchase it again.
I get that this is a more basic machine than others - the price speaks for itself. But I can tell you that after about 12 hours of sewing time, this machine is no longer working properly. As others have said, the machine has one speed - fast. If you try to start out slow, it just hums and won't go. My big issue at this point is that the thread tension is all wrong. It was fine at first but now it uses about 5x more thread than it should and it is constantly getting tangled and jamming the machine and causing my needles to break. When it does decide to not eat up all the thread, the stitch doesn't hold because it's too loose. I thought it was human error at first but after hours of messing with it, it is clear the machine is just crap.The reverse stitch is a bit of a joke too. 90% of the time the machine gets tangled when you use it.The machine has a very hard time handling thicker fabrics (even with the correct style of needle). The feed dog doesn't seem to be capable of pushing through all the fabric.This machine is probably fine if you either don't ever plan to use it or use it only for lightweight fabrics. If you ever plan to take on projects that use heavier weight fabrics or multiple layers of material, this machine won't cut it. Pay $50+ more and get a machine that actually works.I gave it 2 stars because when it did work, it worked OK.
These scissors are as advertised when new. Sharp and cuts most items well. I even took hard cards and doubled them up and these scissors had no trouble with clean cuts. As other reviews have mentioned (and I had a pair before) they do not last long. Which is ironic since my old scissors are still usable after a decade and they are standard steel. These scissors have a adjustable pivot for tension control that can be tighten if needed by a small screwdriver. They also come with a "Lifetime Warranty" which is not a guarantee and is actually a a limited lifetime warranty. I use these on paper, photo stock and cardboard. At the present time they work.
I ordered a quantity of 3.Out of the 3, only 1 I am pleased with.The other 2 cans are not made correctly,the can lids are extremly difficult to remove and place back on.Basically useless to me.I am no weakling, I bench press weights several times a week.The 2 cans are defective, and should of never had been sent to me.I sent an email thru Amazon to the supplier on 10-02-12so that they may correct the issue.It has been nearly 2wks now.They have ignored me, and I am stuck with 2 useless tins.I will look elsewhere for the additional tins I require.Note: The supplier was "The Chop Shop LLC", so beware !
My husband and I buy Dritz Deluxe Seam Rippers a dozen at a time. I actually do use them for ripping out seams, but their main purpose in our household, is to remove hair clumps from our long-haired Maine Coon cats.We've tried other brands, including the longer 'red' seam ripper and were amazed at the difference between the products. The 'red' model was too dull right out of the wrapper to cut cat hair!The normal clump-removal tools that can be found in pet catalogues are too big and clumsy to use on a cat, especially for the matted hair that accumulates between the upper leg and the body (armpit? Do cats have armpits?). This seam ripper works perfectly to separate the mat from the skin.There are two things you need to be careful of when using this product to de-mat your cat:(1) Don't poke kitty with the sharp end of the tool. You have one seam ripper, but your cat has eighteen!(2) Don't pull on the hair clump while you are cutting it away from the skin. If you tug at the mat, you might accidentally pull kitty's hide up into the razor-sharp crescent blade, and cut it.We originally learned about this novel use for a seam ripper from a man who shows Maine Coons, and have been using it successfully for many years.
I'm using these bags in my geocaching repair kit that I carry around on my geocaching hikes. Most small logbooks fit into these bags just fine. I was a bit puzzled by the "2 mil" thickness of the bag but apparently a "mil" is one thousandth of an inch, so the bags are not that thick.
Low quality thread, low quality tools, low quality case. On three days of light use one of the arms broke off. After a few weeks one of the large sides broke off.The spools are always falling out no matter how well I stick them on. This didn't end up being worth the money. Maybe for a young starting newbie. I was getting back into sewing and had managed to misplace a lot of my tools in a move. Wanted to kick-start my new set and ended up buying all new tools on top of this.
This machine is packed with a lot of bells & whistles and looks promising at first glance, but when it comes to plain 'ol straight stitch, for some reason the machine can't handle it.I don't know if I just received a defective machine or if they're all like this, but it would not produce a healthy looking straight stitch. The thread kept looping on the reverse side of the fabric. I tried adjusting the tension to every available setting - didn't help. I changed the bobbin, I've rethreaded it numerous times, I even changed the needle. Nothing helped.Besides for not working properly, the machine is also made very cheaply.To open the bobbin door you have to tag on a little plastic catch which I'm sure will break in no time. The door itself is a thin piece of plastic that comes off the machine instead of sliding to the side. Every time you need to mess with the bobbin, you need to fit the door back in (that is if you don't loose it while it's off).I was very much looking forward to using this machine but it turned out to be a big disappointment and I will be returning it.
i used one packet for one 100% cotton t-shirt and followed the instructions. it died my finger black after 2 minutes exposure (hole in glove) but it barely made 5% difference to a cotton tee after an hour's exposure. my shirt is still grey. proof even more how weak it is, the white labels are still white. and now my tee smells like dye. maybe if i spent $100 on 20 packets for one t-shirt it would have worked how i wanted it to.
This pair of scissors is mediocre at best. I can see it's value for those with arthritic hands, with the easy to grasp, spring loaded handles.The pair I had was very poorly put together. The spring which keeps the scissors open kept dislodging and flying across the room. The nut and bolt holding the blades together would also come undone intermittently. I fixed the problem by melting the plastic around the spring, permanently fixing it into place and by tightenign the bolts.My advice is to spend a little more money and get a pair of Henckels scissors, which are much sturdier. The blades also can be separated for easy cleaning (there are no nuts and bolts to become loose either).
I purchased these along with another type of needle threader. Much to my surprise these are difficult to use and are not worth the time.
I'm not sure what happened in recent weeks, but a friend of mine ordered these pencils and received exactly what the product description says is included: 72 pencils, bonus art stix and sharpener. I ordered mine last week and received a smaller tin with the 72 pencils, but no bonus art stix or pencil sharpener (luckily the pencils come sharpened now!). The picture associated with this product shows that I should have received two stix and a sharpener, as does the product description:"These colored pencils are artists' quality for every level of expertise. Pencils contain high quality pigments for a rich color saturation and feature soft, thick cores which create a smooth color lay-down for superior blending and shading and the thick leads resist breakage. This package contains one 9-3/4 by 8-1/8 by 1-1/8-inch tin with 72 pencils ... and 2 bonus art stix: a woodless colored pencil core for coverage of large areas (art stix colors vary). "I'm assuming that the product has changed at the factory level (and cutting costs means cutting bonus stuff). THE PRODUCT DESCRIPTION NEEDS TO REFLECT THIS CHANGE. No art stix or sharpener included!
I have done a few projects on my new machine. For the most part, it has been really good, nice and easy. I really enjoy not having to use the foot pedal. My last project was not so good. My top thread kept breaking. At first I thought it was a chip in my plate, but that is not the case. I have yet to bring it back out and explore it further. Hopefully it is just my needle or something very fixable, and not a permanent malfunction.
This is a good machine, I have had mine for 3 years, but you must not use a heavy weight thread. I piece quilts, & now after 3 years the tension is wearing out& was told by the repair shop that it would cost more than the machine is worth. So if you want a machine that will last a long time get a better one than this.
I bought two sets and had fun setting them up in a display on one wall. They hold together fine, easy to work with. They look great, I'm very pleased.
This is such a darling .cross-stitch project. I gave this to my daughter for Christmas and she is so happy with it.
This is my second sewing machine. I bought it wanting something more sophisticated tan my first. First of all, it is very easy to use. I love this machine, it runs so smooth and quiet. I also love that I don't have to use the foot pedal, I can control everything by hand. That way I don't have to worry about my kids or my cat with the pedal. I definitely recommend this machine!
You do not have to worry about burning yourself with this torch because the odds are it will not be lit. I bought one to use as a lighter and could not have been more disappointed. The only way it will work is if it is on full, so the flame adjustment is useless. When it does light it will blow out for no apparent reason.This is the worst "Torch" or lighter that I have ever owned.Do not waste your money.
I should have known better when I found it on the shelf for $3.99. But I thought "What the heck, if it doesn't work I'm just out 4 bucks." I just wanted something small to add flair to my craft projects. First of all, I'm a beginner when it comes to sewing, but I'm a reasonably intelligent person and the instructions were worthless. The "thread rod" is about 1 inch too long and doesn't hold the bobbin tightly. The handwheel, which is supposed to raise the needle, lowers it. Nothing short of just brute force would raise that needle in order to thread it. And if you have sewn before, you know where this is leading. Since the needle wouldn't raise, once I lowered it and tried to actually sew something (after about 1/2 hour of trying to thread it) it just made one hole over and over again because the needle couldn't clear the paper. At this point, I removed my 4 double A batteries (because they are worth more than the machine) and tossed it in the trash. Not worth the box it was packaged in!
I don't know what these rings are for, but you don't want to try to put keys on them. When opened enough to work over the hole in a key (ie 3-4 mm), they end up sprung -- the layers don't spring back together but stay ~1 mm apart. I should have waited for local my hardware store to get the small rings back in stock ...
I tried these patches on my True Religions and it didn't hold the material together. May not work with any jeans that stretch.
Gets the job done. Easy to use. To make it work easier, try using on a smooth hard surface (trying to do it just with your hands can be tiring (hand cramps) and tedious)....
As everyone else has said, this thing is horrible. My daughter was sooo excited about sewing, but it won't be happening on this thing. If I can't find a kid's machine that works, I'll just teach her on mine. I just get nervous about little fingers and fast moving needles.I had a kid's machine when I was little, but I don't remember the kind. It was red and yellow, I believe and had some 70's flowers. It was purchased in the late 80's at a thrift store, so no clue when it was made, does anyone know what this machine could be? It worked well.
Its really cute. The only I don't like about it is that it doesn't show how to put the project together. They only have written directions, which is fine but sometimes you need a picture to make sure your doing it right.
I purchased this product for my daughter's 4th birthday. After one day one of the wheels fell off. My husband reattached it and everytime we have ever moved it the wheel falls off. Now the wheel won't even stay on at all so the easel is lopsided and unusable. The quality does not match the price. Get a $20 easel and save your money.
I purchased these patches to cover up a hole in my favorite jeans. I followed the instructions in the package, ironed on the patch, and made sure that the seal was firm. However, a week later, the patch fell off, just from normal wear. The jeans haven't even been washed. I will try again since there were multiple patches included but that was a pretty poor start.
We are disappointed with this stamp set. The stamp pad is dry and there are no instructions on how to moisten it - water doesn't work very well. Can't get the purple to come off at all and pink just barely. The pencils are so hard or dry they won't put color on paper. :-(
Excellent kit for beginners, however the item was used and not new as advertised. Package was in good condition and had all parts accounted for.
I tried the dye on 2 black leathers coats, following the directions as specified. Thank goodness I did only a small area as the dye is actually lighter than the black leather. Very disappointed. These are good leather coats, one from Italy and now they are worse than before. The dye looks really black in the bottle but does not end up that way.
I bought a pair of these scissors in 1987, and they quickly became my favorites. They cut most anything I need (and yes, I tried chicken bones just to see), and they cut precisely and with almost no effort. They have remained excellent, sturdy, and sharp, and even though we have many newer pairs in the house, I still call these my "good scissors". I am tired of guarding them jealously to make sure my husband doesn't misplace them, so I finally decided to buy a couple more pairs; it will be nice to have a pair in some other rooms, because I tend to walk to the kitchen from everywhere in the house-- just to get my good scissors.
I purchased these electric scissors to help save my hands when I am cutting material or anything for that matter. When I read the discription I thought it read that they take 4 AAA batteries and even when I received this product it says the same thing. Well if it does I have yet to find a way to put any batteries in the thing! It also says that you can charge it up with the wall charger which is "NOT" included. Big help that is, but maybe it's just me and you'll love this product. IF YOU CAN GET IT TO WORK!
It does everything it's supposed to do and even sews through vinyl. Learned how to use the one-step buttonhole maker using the Singer bookThe New Sewing Essentials (Singer)and it works great. This was my first machine I purchased (at Wal-mart) and I have no regrets. It's a great starter machine.
I bought this for my wife a month or so ago and she loves it to practice her Japanese writing skills. Just use water on the brush and it paints and gradually fades away. You can use any brush on the board, if you want detail or big fat strokes. The only difficulty is figuring out how much water to put on the brush - when I've tried it I've ended up with a few dark blobs which didn't dry out for quite a while. That said, they did eventually and the board was ready to use again!
I bought a bunch of these rhinestone iron ons for my self and my bridesmaids. I did the bridesmaids shirts first and they all worked perfectly. This one however, some of the adhesive wasn't on the rhinestones when i opened the package therefor I was not able to iron them all on. I just wish it worked like the other ones I had bought. The rhinestones that did adhere stayed on though.
I was looking for black kraft paper to use as dustcovers on the back of my paintings and they were all very expensive especially by the time you paid to have it shipped. Amazon had this one and it works great! I would also like to find it in the 24" width/roll. If you need a heavy weight kraft paper, this one will not disappoint!
I ditto everyone else as far as the multi purpose way you can use it. I couldn't wait to get all these colors. And they are beautiful....HOWEVER.... Several of the BEST colors look as though they were already used. The jars were less then half full. A couple of the jars seals were not even attached. Not sure if I received someone's return, but that is the impression.I would return them however before I even opened any of them I wrote on the lid the number and color.I am curious if those are acceptable amounts in like the duo colors.
My daughter received this as a gift 3 days ago for her 3rd birthday, and is absolutely crazy about it. I washed it according to the instructions, and the first time it came out perfectly, but the second time, the seams split open in about 4 places and all the stuffing is coming out. She is so disappointed and keeps asking me to fix it, but it really is beyond repair. Such a bummer since she was having so much fun with it!
It is easy to use and I recommend for beginners. This machine does all the basic functions you would ever need.
My 1954 Pfaff zigzag machine needed work, so I bought this Brother. It has a rather tricky learning curve in comparison. I find that in most cases, the &#34;under-stich&#34; is loose, in spite of my adjustments. I'm a bit disappointed, since my dau has the same machine and has had no problems.
Best fabric shaver I have found yet, but still not good enough. Its storage its too small, you have to take the black cover off so it works, otherwise its good for nothing. It also takes a long time shaving to get a really good result.
do not buy this piece of crap----it worked for 3 days then wont light any ,more pleasae listen to me ok
I haven't even gotten through to half of what this little machine can do and already I'm hooked! Its light, extremely portable, and kind of cute. Yet this little machine is very impressive with what it can do. I can't wait to learn what else it can do!
The retailer butchered my order, sending me all one size instead of assorted sizes. Buyer beware. I'll buy them at the store next time.
I bought this machine at walmart a few years ago and spent around $89 bucks at the time. Took it home and it worked great for awhile; soon enough the tension messed up. It became more an more frustrating to use. This is just for the basic sewer and is not really a machine that will last if you plan on using it everyday. Best for hemming or a little quilting now and then, its hard sewing through double thickness of denim and good luck sewing leather (even if you use machine needles for leather). Bottom line this is okay for a beginner or the occational sewer.
The screws to hold the lead and metal point in place are round screws in a round hole rather then locking screws. As a result they can not be tightened and do not work. Essentially less then useless.
Super presentation and storage book. Have used this product many times and will be buying more.
I thought this was Vellum paper. I guess I did not read the entire title of Cover Stock. Anyway, I used it for a project I had and it turned out okay.Thank you.
The material is good and there is a whole bunch of it. I don't know if I'll ever have a project big enough to finish this!
I was disappointed when I tried using these as they are too large for both my thread spools and bobbins.
As in prior reviews, my serger also arrived broken. The thread stand was screwed on too tight and snapped off during shipment. Still waiting for a replacement which is being sent using the same slow DHL to USPS method. Will hopefully arrive in one piece. Will amend this review if I ever receive a working product. :p
I like this pattern but not the color choice so I changed it to a pink and burgundy haven't finished it yet so no pictures.
This review is in comparison to other small pre-packaged wool roving, which are typically more expensive than bulk.I was a bit skeptical buying this since there were many negative reviews. However, it was cheap so I took a chance an am very glad I did. I'd bought other wool roving for needle felting and this was by far the softest I've bought. The price is about the same as other wool roving of this type - though it comes in a small package, the strands are combed out, folded, and compressed to fit into the packaging. The strands, however, are much shorter than I've worked with when I pulled some out, which took a bit more work to get used to.I bought the blue and it's a beautiful color.
I have had a Glastar grinder before and they are of excellent quality. This one is best for the hobbyist. I ordered it from the US to Australia and it works fine with a transformer. I will need to purchase a glass shield, as (even with safety glasses) you do get glass on the face which is irritating to the skin. The product arrived very promptly.The only criticism of the product is that there are not any decent instructions around the accessories, such as the straight edge guide. I will need to search the web.
This is one of Wacom's range of additional pens for their Intuos2 series of graphics tablets. With the exception of the cross-hair cursor tool, it's the only one that's more than just a cosmetic variation on your basic, everyday pen.It's familiarly airbrush-shaped, so it feels &quot;right&quot; and while it lacks the flexible DuoSwitch characteristic of many of Wacom's other switches, it does at last have one programmable button. However, the big difference is the presence of the wheel, which is intended to give you fine control over ink/paint flow, just like the real thing. Neat!Except the only piece of software that currently supports it is Photoshop 7. Once you dig through the documentation to find exactly where you need to go to set it up, it works nicely, but for such a nice feature it's pretty well hidden. Procreate's &quot;natural media&quot; tool, Painter 7, doesn't recognize it at all, which is a real shame, since it would considerably enhance the feel of the program.That's about all you can say, really. It's somewhat pricey compared to the other Wacom pens, presumably because the market's going to be more limited, but it's a really nice idea that suffers from lack of software support.
I bought this as my first sewing machine. I use to sew when I was younger but recently decided to get back into it... i read some good reviews on it so I bought it... worst mistake EVER! I've read the manual repeatedly and even had a seamstress come over to help me figure it out but no matter what I run into these problems EVERY time I use it... fabric gets pulled down, bobbin thread binds up, foot pedal is all or nothing so its impossible to sew a straight line... I would NEVER recommend this to anyone. I can not wait to buy another one and put this one in the garbage where it belongs. what a waste of money!
I purchased the Arnold Grummer medium kit a while back and have been using it without complication. I recently decided to purchase this large kit and am incredibly frustrated with it. The screen is not large enough, so you have to be INCREDIBLY careful about lining up the screen with the frame, and even then, the slightest agitation while in the water oftentimes causes the screen to crumple and slip out from under the frame. I live in a very small town and don't drive, otherwise I'd just go out and pick up a larger screen, but this kit isn't exactly cheap. No other purchases should be required.
I was happy with the product when it arrived. It looked sturdy, and smooth. I liked the fact that it was double-sided. However, we got scratch-marks on the mat the first time we used it. It even cut/scratched-out the paint markings on the mat.I am not sure what "self-heal" means. I had assumed that would mean there would be no scratch marks on the surface of the mat. It would be good if some of the reviewers giving it 5-star rating would upload pictures of the mat how it self-heals.Someone had mentioned the marks self-heal after a half-hour or so. I see the marks are still there after 2 days. The part with the missing paint markings of course will not self-heal.I like having a cutting surface to work on to protect my dining table, but this one doesn't self-heal. If self-healing is important to you, then look for another mat. But, it will protect my dining table where I do all my projects, so I am keeping the mat.I will try to upload a picture showing the scratches on the mat.
Messed up areas on actual poster and bad medium for coloring which is the whole purpose. Took the longest to ship.
I thought it would be bigger, my friends likes them so. I guess it ok. I don't have much else to say about because I haven't used it
Great knife- will last a life time- made in the USA- strong blade- small and very sharp- great price for this knife!
Would have given this a 5 star but the pic showed it to be black and it was white and also amazon begged for this review...privacy ppl????
I am enjoying my new Janome Jem.. It is simple and easy to use right away. I have not had reouble with tge bobbins, the threading, etc and the stitches are even. Also, the directions are only in English and make sense, so the usual misdirections from multiple translations don't exist.
I got this machine a couple of years ago to use for basic sewing projects. I always thought, "I don't use my machine often enough to justify a more expensive machine," but over the years my opinion on that has slowly changed. In fairness, I do use the machine more than I did when I bought it - probably about once a month to once every 2 months. Still, I'd use it even more if the darn thing didn't cause me so many headaches.This machine has more tension issues than any other sewing machine I've ever used, including my mom's antique 1930's machine. With most projects, I've always been able to fix the tension to correct the frequent bird nesting. The problem occurs often enough that it's very, very annoying, but workable. However, for the past few days I've been trying to make a baby quilt. I got the top done without too many problems, but when I try to actually quilt....ugh! The claim that it can free-form stitch is just a joke. There is no quilting foot and the tension gets so messed up when you cover the feed dogs (you can't just shut them off, it includes a little snap on cover instead) that it's useless. So I finally decided to just do a basic wavy line with the feed dogs engaged. I didn't have any problems when I practiced on a practice quilt made from leftover pieces, but I got half way through the actual quilt and the stupid thing started having tension problems again. Now the underside of the quilt has bird nesting going on and this time I can't fix it. The project needs more tension and the tension dial is already on max. I even tried changing the bobbin tension, but that made things worse. So I have a half completed quilt that I spend a lot of time and money on, but can't finish. Time to start saving up for a more advanced machine. Next time I'll be sure it has the accessories I want and a few extra to grow into.
I purchased this leather hole punch tool to add some additional holes to a triple-stitched bison leather belt that is approximately 1/8" thick. The product works as advertised; however, the orange comfort grips are able to spin freely on the handles. I recommend punching the hole with the product, then keeping the handles pressed while rotating the unit side-to-side approximately 45-degrees to guarantee a clean cut.I had no problems with the unit successfully punching three new holes into my thick bison leather belt.
I was and am really happy with this purchase. I thought it was a little expensive but, the quality makes it well worth it. It is perfect for my traveling supplies and very sturdy, so I know it will get a great deal of use in the future. I took it on vacation and loved that it was compact and I was able to store my wet canvases without any damage at all.
I bought these to use for placing over some of my drawings to give them special effects - like using the light blue to give the impression the scene was under water. These have a shiny side and a duller side, so they were perfect for my needs.
The drawers fall off the tracks way too easy. The cart looks nice and is good in concept but the kids can't use the drawers without them coming off of the tracks.
My yarn arrived on time and perfectly packaged. I was pleased that I was able to get the color I needed to complete a project I was working on.
I had a very expensive cashmere sweater that I wanted to change the color, I'll admit I was a little sceptical at first. I had never dyed anything with an acid dye before. It's quit a different process than regular dying,but I read the directions carefully and forged ahead It turned out amazing I now have a brand new sweater.
With a 6 inch plate you wont see the top at all. Its a very deep red shiny finish, almost black and feels strong.
This stuff works great, but after I bought it I saw that I can get it almost a buck cheaper at Staples :-(
I bought a newer model Brother sewing machine but my old model still runs fine and I'm keeping it. Needed a case to store it and this was perfect. Arrived very quickly in excellent condition and my machine fit in it great along with the pedal and sewing manual. It was very helpful that the exact size of the case was included in the ad.
I like these scissors just fine, although I definitely prefer the handle of the Westcott Titanium Bonded Non Stick Scissors, 8" Straight more than the handle of this scissor. However, (at current prices) you pay $8.77 for the handle I like and only $9.88 for TWO pairs of the handle I don't like. And I can't say that I hate the handle or anything. It's just that my hands have enjoyed other handles more. These scissors will be ones I let my kids use for their art projects--another moment where a pack of two scissors comes in handy: I've got two kids, so one for each. And the scissors do their job. They cut things as they should.
The picture of this item is of the four pack of colored pens that came with a free CD-R. That is not what you'll get if you order this! I received a solitary black pen for my troubles... It may be a fine pen but I'll never know because I'm off to return it: it's waaaaaay too expensive for a single pen.
Be aware that this is a very tiny anvil. I was surprised that it was so small even after getting a ruler to verify the dimensions given. After getting over the initial shock of its size it works well for smaller projects in my cold connections jewelry class and is very portable so my students can borrow it and use it at home. I may order one for myself to use in my studio as a spare. It has multiple sides to use as well, each side is flat and it has the options of curves to use too.
My 3 year old enjoys making "jewlery" with this set. My only complaint is that they should have included another string or two.
This is nice for baby blankets. It can split and I do like something with a cotton content a bit better but you do not have to worry about wool allergies with this yarn and the colors are great.
I purchased this machine because I needed a sewing machine for my projects. They are simply clothing pieces, nothing involving heavy fabric like denim. When I first got this machine, it seemed to work perfectly. I needed to use a straight stitch and a zig-zag stitch for my first project. It worked fine for straight stitching, but then when I needed it to zig-zag stitch, changing the stitch dial would not work properly; I soon found out that the stitch dial would NOT work and would not change to any other stitch, and only straight-stitched despite the dial being on any other stitch setting. I looked in the product manual and thought I just needed to clean out the bobbin case... Nope. I took it in to my local sewing store and found out these types of machines were non-serviceable. That means you can't get it fixed... You can only return it. This happened only a WEEK after I started using it. So, once something's wrong -- it's useless. So I have to buy another machine now.
I tried to use this fabric glue to glue fabric together, but it did not hold at all. I was very disapointed.
This hoop was priced very reasonably but it is full of splinters.I am going to have to use sandpaper on it to get it smooth enough to use it on my quilt. I would pay more and get a better hoop next time.
This is a nice little machine. I just haven't been able to sew the buttons back on my husband's jeans when he pops 'em off. It can't handle the thickness, I think.Maybe he needs to buy bigger jeans. So...you tell him!
I was glad to find an 8" wide ruler for the quilt project I'm working on, but this one has SO many lines and marks that it's hard on the eyes. I'm using various solid-color jeans fabrics and I still found the measurements difficult to read/match -- I can't imagine trying to use this with multi-patterned fabrics!As a cutting ruler, it does the job, but I wish I'd found one with a simpler design. I just saw a wide ruler at a store yesterday that had basic lines & angles plainly printed on it... but it's not worth trying to mail this one back.
The best tape to use with your camera. It doesn't leave glue in your camera, it looks like that isn't there.
I really thought this was a cute idea and wasnt disappointed when it arrived. Very simple to understand and really cool yarn to choose from. I would definately recommend if you are interested in making a simple scarf.
The Easle is fine. It is easy to assemble and works find. The problem we ran into was the chain on the easle is attached to a hook that screws in the back piece of wood. That hook is not strong enough to screw in the wood without breaking. We used an alternate chain and screw but otherwise it has been a good product.
I bought this sewing machine because my previous machine stopped working, and I had a big project I needed to finish quickly. The Brother machine arrived broken. The stitch selector would only do a straight stitch. The dial wouldn't even turn to any of the other options. When I finally did get it to select the zig-zag stitch, the needle just moved up and down in place, not forwards and certainly not side-to-side. Also, the needle arm was out of alignment, so the needle kept hitting the metal plate on the base of the machine. I snapped two needles in the course of trying to sew a simple garment. It is not even worth my time to exchange this piece of junk.I gave it two stars, because it could do a straight stitch, and as long as you were only sewing together two pieces of thinner fabric, it worked okay. If you wanted to sew layers of three or more pieces of fabric, or something thicker like denim, forget it.
i just received this shipment of beads which arrived lose in a box, one plastic bag containing 25 smaller plastic bags. the colors are indeed beautiful. of course, i had to use a magnifying glass to appreciate the colors. the description clearly states, "4 mm". that's about 220 beads strung together on a piece of string one yard long. in other words, the 20 of each color could be placed on the head of a dime and you'd still have space to see fdr's face. given the $30.00 price tag, the running total of 6'6" comes to 78" or about 38 cents per inch for beads so narrow i couldn't see them very clearly. while i was satisfied with the pretty colors, i am sorely disappointed in the miniscule size and the relatively very high price. i'd also purchased elsewhere a set of 400 beads, each about 9 times the mass, which included string and a wooden box, for 60% of this price. this might be a highly meaningful set for professional collectors of small beads, but, for this novice buying a set for his daughter to put together, it took away 2 christmas presents that i could have bought her that she would have been satisfied with. so, i give this, as i always give a grade, a "D" and i don't recommend the purchase of this product for anyone. professional collectors of small beads might like it.
this box did every thing I wanted.It could have been a little bigger. A lot of my friends will be ordering them.
If you only need moderately sharp blades, these should be good enough. That said, if you don't need really, really sharp blades, you probably aren't changing blades that often, therefore buying them in packs of 100 really isn't worth it.If you, like me, are obsessive about always having a perfectly sharp blade to get perfect cuts in paper or thin plastic, you should spend a few extra dollars and buy the excel bladesNo. 11 Blades Bulk, which in my experience, are much sharper.
For years I've been repairing book covers and pages with regular Scotch tape, which as many know has a tendency to discolor, curl and lose its "stickiness" over time. But that was all that was available as far as I knew.As a book lover I'm delighted to have this tape made especially for books. The width is great and covers a multitude of tears (especially some jagged ones on favorite children's books.) Also like the transparency - recently repaired a dark green book jacket and the tape all but disappeared.What I don't have is a proper dispenser for this tape so I lose a little by folding over so it won't stick to itself. As far as I'm concerned that's a small price to pay for the tape my books have been waiting all their lives for.
I am a professional artist and this paper is listed as &#34;thick heavy duty paper that can be painted on without warping&#34; which is totally misleading. It's just as thin as plain paper! And i felt no texture what so ever.
This paper is VERY long (one of the reasons I purchased it) and there is a lot of it on the roll! You definitely get what you pay for. And the color is nice and vibrant! Perfect for wrapping or any other arts & crafts! It's also very smooth to the touch. The only downside I would say is that it rips very easily. If you're looking for a heavy duty paper, this may not be it.
very poor magnet, I would recomment only to attached a sheet of paper to the frig. I probably should have ordered a much thicker material
It looks like I'm the contrarian since the other reviews are so good for this dye. Maybe I got a bad bottle, but it was just not permanent. I followed directions, planning to apply it to a worn cushion on my leather sofa. But first I did a test spot. I cleaned the area with alcohol spirits, let it dry, and applied two coats of dye. When I rubbed a white cloth on the test area, a lot of dye came off. Then I applied leather conditioner and waited a day to let it sit, and tested again. The product still wipes off. I noticed some people say the product is hard to get off of skin. For me, a couple brisk hand washings took a spot off of my finger, so again, maybe I got a bad bottle. The LESSON FOR OTHERS - TEST BEFORE YOU USE IT.
This is a great idea however is not a great product. The stamp pad for this is a normal size. The stamp itself is miniature. It is so small that you could not put the finger number in a circle on the fret to indicate how to play the chord. thankfully it was cheap, don't waste your money buying this thing, it is a 1/4 of the size that it should be. the image makes it look big, trust me, it is not.
I work in a lot of prisma color pencils as well as other artist pencils and this is the VERY best paper that I have found to use...... I was told once that you are only as good as your tools..... I totally believe this! This paper is wonderful!! I very much recommend it to other artists!
This is a great little machine for anyone that sews a lot or just now and then, I'm a professional crafter and sew almost every day. I use a wide variety of fabrics from wool felt,cottons to plush firs and this machine works well with all fabrics. I love the simplicity of this machine as well, If you don't need all the bells and Whistles this is a good machine. And with the free shipping, cant beat that!
This paper arrived very very fast and was in great condition however I'm only giving it four stars because it arrived in an open box. The paper itself was wrapped though and it works really well so I'm still satisfied. I would recommend it.
I was really torn between buying this sewing machine and the more expensive name brand ones that are sold in sewing shops. I am very glad I purchased this one!I am a beginner sewer and this machine is perfect for me. It does everything I want/need it to do and even has a few little extras (the abiltiy to do sleves, the many stich designs). This machine has so far been wonderful for all of my projects. I have made a dress for my daughter, fixed a hamper bag, and made a spill matt for a high chair which required sweing through four layers of fabic. I love the eas of use and the ability to use the traditional foot pedal and also the modern sewing button.pros:-easily change out a needle-many, many stiches to choose from-buttom sewing stich - works amazingly!!-two ways to sew (foot pedal and button)-free arm to sew sleeves, etc.-easy threadingcons:-no embroidering ability-can be finiky with threads, need good quality and not the cheap stuff-is kind of heavy and the accompying case is not a carrying caseOverall, I think this is a great beginners machine (especially for the price) and one that will last me through years and many projects.
Chain link is bigger than expected and did not look like sterling silver, a little darker silver color but did fit the need and free shipping.
My machine broke down after only 8 month. I have broke countless needles and threads. You have to every careful with using the right setting and threads. It is also very noisy. It's probably a fine machine if you just want to do some basic sewing and repairing. Also, the warrenty is only 90 days for whole service, and 1 year for parts.
I have had a pair of these shears for over 25 years and gave them to a friend that used them and like them, so I was without and went on line to search and located them at Amazon. I ordered 3 pair, one for me and gifts for the other two.Fiskars 94717097J Premier Take-Apart Shears, 7-Inch
Recently, my grandson got Halloween makeup on the carpeting in his room. I tried every stain remover I had and nothing worked - except my Magic Wand Stain Remover. Since I didn't have much left, and there were lots of stains, I looked on the web and was delighted to find it was still available. (I had looked in many local stores without finding it.) I bought one so i could finish removing those %@#%@ stains!This is an amazing product. Most stain removers say they can remove any stain - they lie. This one can.
This Frisket Film works great. It's just as described. A little pricy, but still a good buy. If I need more of the sheets of Frisket Film, I'll get it here.
I am very satisfied with this purchase. The wells are a good size for the amount of watercolour that work with. The only critic I have is that I won't move around outdoors with is due to the fact that it has some weight to it and I have two, so I just use it in my painting space.
This cartridge looked so cute, but I have to say I don't use it much because the letters are really hard to get out of the paper. If you set the cut too low, it doesn't cut through the paper. On the other hand it rips the paper. If you do get the right level of pressure, the letters are still really fragile when you try to get them out. From my experience, don't even bother to use this cartridge unless you are going to cut letters at least 2" big.
This product has a nice dispenser, too bad they didn't spend the money on the product instead of the dispenser. It would not even stick to the fridge thru a piece of paper when the paper was held by me. I can't see how anyone could give this 5 stars! As far as holding a piece of card stock, I can't see it doing that. In fact, I can't see it holding anything much heavier that toilet paper. Thanks to Amazon for giving a full refund.
I received the product, however, almost all 50 rings were rusted.It's curious how the person that packed these didn't even care to at least get some good ones. It showed lack of care. I'm quite disapointed.Unsatisfied Customer
This is a great and inexpensive way to introduce students to wood carving. Easy to use and if it does not turn out exactly right, at least they have learned the feel and texture of wood and their next project will benefit from the experience.
i used one packet for one 100% cotton t-shirt and followed the instructions. it died my finger black after 2 minutes exposure (hole in glove) but it barely made 5% difference to a cotton tee after an hour's exposure. my shirt is still grey. proof even more how weak it is, the white labels are still white. and now my tee smells like dye. maybe if i spent $100 on 20 packets for one t-shirt it would have worked how i wanted it to.
Received as ordered and promptly. However, packaging was poor and due to damage from mishandling, there was some product loss. Tubes of liquid need more that a kraft mailing envelope.
This told me EVERYTHING to begin serging, practically from taking it out of the box. It discusses everything from turning the machine on and off, to threading for different stiches, the differences between stitches, good fabric to use versus good fabric for regular sewing, etc. I cannot recommend this book highly enough for the complete novice.
Long Straight Upholstery Hand Needles- 4/Pk . Great product, the needles were straight and strong. The only problem was, the needles were a little dull. I sharpened them with a little sand paper and now they work fantastic.
I bought this to use on my wedding invites which I'm doing by hand.Practice before you use this. It takes a about ten tries before you get the hang of it. The blade is almost too short to ride against a ruler. Works on thicker paper, but you have to press down so hard that the handle becomes uncomfortable VERY quickly. I have bruises on my finger from using. Seems to work better if you pull towards yourself instead of pushing away.Good for thinner paper and smaller projects.
This was very cute, but took three weeks to get to me! By the time I got it, I only had ten days to finish it. Between school and work, I was up until two or three o'clock every morning working on it. I still didn't get it finished until two days after I needed it. I would suggest that you order it at least six weeks ahead of when you need to get it completed by.
If I could, I would have given these pencils a score of 0. Despite of negative reviews, I decided to try these out. Boy oh boy, do these do not work. In order to mark something, you would have to press hard to see some lines, but the led will break!
I ordered this box of 100 sheet protectors in February 2010 at a price about 30 percent off the retail value.The first two thirds of these were perfect.I have discovered (a year after I received them) that the last third of these (about 30 or so) are defective along the left seam, such that you cannot fit a regular sheet of paper inside them without creasing/wrinkling the page.So I guess you get what you pay for --when the product is significantly discounted. I paid about two-thirds of the retail price, and got about two-thirds of a box of fully-usable sheet protectors.I can still use these remaining defective-seam sheet protectors for items that are not 8.5 by 11 inches in size.If you are ordering a box of 100 of these sheet protectors because you need 100 of them for a special project, be wary that not all of them may fit regular sheets or paper.
I purchased this on line because it advertised the skein was 364 yards of yarn, not 244 yards. Had I known it was only 244 yards I could have purchased this at my local yarn shop for $2.99 each. Instead I paid over $6.00 each. Falsely advertised the skein was bigger than it actually is.
The product I received was different from what it's on the picture. and i returned it for a money back. Please contact the seller to return my money ASAP
BP 662 I rate as fair. I have better scissors.But they were not expensive.
Cuts anything. Barely needs to glance at fabric to cut. LOVE and is awesome. Love the ease of retracting blade.
These scissors seem to be reasonably well-made and suitable for medium-duty use. For cutting paper or fabric they are very serviceable. These scissors are certainly sharp and hard, due perhaps to the titanium bonding. These scissors do not appear to be configured for heavy duty cutting such as thick cardboard or the like, but for fabric, paper, and the usual things that I use scissors for, they are excellent. RJB.
It has taken me 1 week to see the in & outs of serging. Now to replace the needles.I have been working on this all morning. If I get one in the other want go. If I take one out the other will go in. These are the ones that came with the serger.Now I have lost 2 i/2 hrs on this. I am wondering if the needles are bad. Not a good thing for a new kid on the block. Maybe tomorrow will be a better day. Lady De
When received, one chair side was cracked. We ordered a replacement, and due to change in style, received an entire chair. The only difference is that the back/sides of the replacement chair are approx 2 inches smaller than the other 3 chairs. Easy to assemble. Company was easy to work with to get replacement.
I was given a slightly used Artista. Having 30 years potters experience, I got this one so I could travel around with it, being so light weight.I can throw on very primitive kick wheels, so the speed and the control knob were not a big issue for me. I did not get the legs or foot peddle. An experienced potter eventually gets a back ache and standing up solves that problem. So I put the Artista on a table. Stayed steady. worked fine.Then the belt starting slipping off the pulley. I had to borrow a phillips screw driver and remove 14 screws to put the belt back on. Then I stopped putting all the screws in because the belt slipped more and more and it was easier to fix without all those screws. The belt runs around a flat plastic pulley. I think they may have improved this, I see they advertise a V-belt, so the belt runs in a groove. This was a definite design flaw.But, on further consideration, I think the flaw originates in the fact that the short 3" or so metal shaft, sets into a metal bushing and that sets into the plastic of the frame. The use and the belt pulling on this bushing has tipped the shaft therefore the pulley and the belt slides off the plastic pulley wheel. The v-belt may solve this problem, but I worry that the new models are still pulling against plastic and eventually wear out the small motor and start the wheel wobbling. I cant get that far because I am giving up on trying to get the belt to stay on.I tried looking up the problem at the companies web site, no info. I looked for replacement parts, no info. I emailed the company twice and they never got back to me.I dont think I would buy one. I think I would rather invest in a treadle wheel. They are quiet, lighter than a weighted kick wheel. Speed and electric are not necessary to a good potter, unless you are a production potter, it is more important to have a wheel designed properly. The problem with pottery wheels, is that they are usually heavy and good ones cost.
This yarn is soft but that is the best I can say about it. I crocheted a baby blanket with it and thought I would never get through the project. There were long sections of the yarn where the splitting and bunching up of fibers was so bad I felt like I was trying to manipulate clouds of cobwebs. I had to press on because there was no way of determining by sight or touch where the bad areas began and ended. If I could have known I would have cut the bad sections out. I had to re-do stitches two, three, even four or five times in spite of proceeding VERY slowly and with extreme care . On another web site there were many negative reviews of this yarn but there were good ones too and the few reviews on Amazon were favorable so I decided to go ahead and order. Big mistake. The tediousness and frustration of working with this yarn displaced the enjoyment of creating the blanket and this was a blanket for my first grandson so you gotta' figure things had to be pretty bad to crush the pleasure of making this blanket. Maybe the yarn works well for knitting. I threw the left over yarn in the trash and that's saying something considering what a penny pincher I am. I hope if I am some day compelled to make another baby item that there are other easier to work with soft yarns available
I think the paper is a bit to thin it causes the markets to bleed through and the backing on the paper is really flimsy so when you write on it the back folds over and doesn't provide any structure. I had to tear off the paper and use the card board box it came in to write my days lessons on it. You can see where i used it at [...] to see how it performs after I prep'd it to use on online videos.
I bought it to make myself a Urahara costume for halloween, it was very creative with a green nurse scrub and my black graduation toga. Price was a little Hi.
This is a great product and my only complaint isthe disription does not tell us how many sheets there are in a package.
This product was cheap and some of the parts broken upon receipt. Definitely Seemed to be mass produced, the brush handles are plastic, not wood and were cracked.
Mistyfuse is an extremely versatile webbing for fusing fabrics. It comes in white and black and does not change the hand of the fabric at all. It is very like a spiderweb and can be spread only one layer thick. Does not gum up needles when sewn. I use it often. Especially good for tulle, organza and similar sheer fabrics.
Over a lifetime, I have owned more different lighters (at least 50)than I can count...from expensive Dunhils and DuPonts to Vectors to Colibris to etc, etc. Typical problems for these lighters are: Difficult to fill, hard to tell if they are full, insufficient resevoirs, electronic igniters that prematurely fail and lighters that fail to shut off, leaking butane. I am particularly hard on lighters using one at least 100 times per day or over 35,000 lights per year. The one and only lighter I have found that fills easy, has a large resevoir, and lights for virtually forever is this particular Blazer Micro Torch. Just got this one for the convenience of having one upstairs and one downstairs but I have had my old Blazer for five years which, for me, is over 180,000 uses!...and still it lights on the first or second strike. It's made in Japan and not China...maybe that helps.It has a blue flame,it's reasonably wind resistant and has a lock switch should you want it to stay continuously lit. It has a chain-attached cover which I tend to remove (the little chain is like a miniatuare dog-training collar which can be re-used for a parakeet or small mouse).This new model, unfortunately comes with child safety device on the starter button which I removed - as I have no children at home...just push the plastic peg out and remove the knurled wheel entirely or snip the little lever from the wheel that blocks the button's downward path, file it smooth and then replace it to maintain a more finished appearance.Granted it's not slick and slim to carry in your pocket but, as far as I know, it is the most dependable, long-lasting lighter available
This item is a total lemon - check out all the sites on this and read the reviews before you purchase - I wam sorry I did not. After a few times sewing the bobbin holder will pop out of the machine and get the thread all tangled up in it and you can no longer sew. The holder no longer stays in place - professionals cannot fix it because they say the machine is like paper in the inside a total waste of money. Really it is crap - don't be fooled and Euro Pro does not even answer their phones or make the product anymore. So parts or any help is not available. Really a total joke!
the scissors i ordered i had to return. they were not the lazer scissors were not the one i wanted. also i cancelled a order of a book i ordered dorothy garlock,will you still be mine i wrote and told you that someone had gave me one as a gift. amazon still mailed the book. i need to return this book. thank you lois
This product is ok..The only problem I have with it is that the front closure is velcro that is held on with hot glue and the first time that opened it the velcro came off..
Ordering blind is always tough, but this roll of paper didn't disappoint. It was as I expected, with a decent weight/thickness, and was delivered quickly. Needed it for my daughter's first slumber party to block out the sunlight from our family room windows. Worked perfectly.
There was pain crusted around the cap when I got this as if it had already been opened. Other than this the paint works well. It is also thick enough so it doesn't drip off paint brushes and make a mess with little artists.
I wanted them as a replacement for my xacto blades and they were not the same size. Before buying make sure you order the right size of blades you require. Overall the blades are sharp and plenty of them. Not a bad product at all.
I used to have a Sears portable sewing machine and thought about having it cleaned and serviced, but it would have cost $90 plus any parts needed. But it was 35 years old and weighed a ton! This Brother XL2600i machine cost me less than $85 and shipping was free. This is a great little machine. I'm making a quilt and have very little to complain about. The machine is very light which is great for moving it from table to storage area, but it moves around a little more on my table. I'd rather have the lightweight feature for carrying it, though! The easy bobbin winding feature and auto needle threader are awesome! You can still thread the needle yourself if you feel like it, but the needle threader is so easy once you get the hang of it. Love this machine!!
Good lighter. Sometimes you have to click it a few times to get it to stay lit. Not a big problem though. Would buy one again. Would recommend it to a friend.
A lot of people complain about Sakura's pens, and while Copics certainly have their advantages, Sakura's pens are great for the price, have very good ink and dry quickly with no smell. They also lay down easier than Copics, which is important to me because I hold pens strangely, and with Copics sometimes they won't lay down the ink. It's important however that you are very light with the touch on the pens, because the nibs can be flattened into the pen, making it useless. However, I like these pens!
Yes, the "dots" are very strong, but positioning of them takes some practice... which would only be a slight problem if they would all work... but almost half of the time they don't dispense at all. And to top it off - if you try to use them on anything thinner than good card stock (e.g. some of the patterned papers), the dots rip the thin paper apart and ruin your project. I wrote the company about it and never got an answer, nor any kind of compensation. Elmer's does some very decent products, but do steer clear of this one.
As a former school teacher, I remember these scissors being one of the top choices for little kids. I'd also used them plenty, myself (though they're not ideal for big hands, of course) I didn't think twice about ordering them for my daughter's first pair of scissors. I was surprised to find them very hard to open and close- too much friction. That's just not workable for tiny hands relatively new to cutting.
I actually received this little machine from friends a few years ago and just now started to use it. I would suggest before using it to go look for videos at Utube. I was trying rather horribly to get the darn thing to work and I was about to toss it out, when low and behold I found the videos. Seeing it explained step by step gave me the help I needed to get the machine going.I gave it a middle of the road rating because it is not the easiest thing in the world to use even when you follow the directions.
I love the distress ink pads so I thought this powder was as good as those, but the result is relief as wet sand, is not as beautiful as I imagined.
Received the crystals in a very timely fashion and was so happy with them. They are awesome. I have been making jewelry for 18 yrs and know my crystals. Ordering more after I am done with this.
Not even one star, I had to give them at least one to write this. Worst needles ever, broke my thread 10 times I could have sewed my projects better with a thorn from outside.
The back of the package indicates that the power cord on this product contains lead, and the user should wash their hands after operating the unit. While it is possible that it might be mis-worded and the lead is on the inside, it wasn't worth the risk for me to keep it. What's more, there's no reason for most consumer-grade products to contain any lead anymore, even on the inside. Check out ROHS for more information if you're curious about where lead is allowed in consumer products.
I bought my machine Sept 2006 because of the reviews here, the good price, and the name brand. Had never even seen a serger working before, but I love to sew. Thought it would make finishing edge easier.Even with the video and the manual could not get the thing to work. Finally after fiddling and help from a friend I got it working --April of 2007! 7 months after I bought it!Even with it properly threaded, I cannot serge more than one seam with out it breaking and having to re-thread the entire thing. I often opt to zigzag with my sewing machine instead of bothering with the serger.The manual says it has 24-7 technical support. Not exactly true... call 7 days week, leave message and they will call you back within 24 hours! When I needed support, all they did was send me to a website that they thought I could find the information on. Didn't actually work through the problem with me.Last June (less than a year after I bought it), the petal gave out, just stopped working. The closest service place for simplicity was 4 HOURS AWAY!!! And my local sewing store couldn't even order the parts for my machine. They ended up jerry rigging a pedal for me.Since I bought it,I have been into my local sewing store at least 12 times trying to get help with this machine... but they don't know anything about it. So I am trading this one in for one in their store. I will get free classes with the machine, free customer support, and will only pay slightly more than I did for this one. Any questions and they are just phone call away. I probably won't buy a machine on line again. Certainly not a simplicity.I love it when it works, the problem is... most of the time it doesn't.
I wasn't able to use it as the largest size in the variety pack is still too small for my coat. The larger (outdoor) kitZipper Rescue Kit-Heavy Duty might have worked.Therefore, cannot comment on this item usability.Be careful with the size you may need, although given lack of description on the item, it will still be a guesswork.
My first serger I purchased back in the mid 80's was a Singer. I had it for over 20+ years and never had any trouble with it. I took it in for some routine maintenance and I got it back with the tensions all messed up. I ended up just buying a new Singer model 14SH654 at Walmart. From the get-go, the motor smells hot when I use it. The needles they tell you to use I can only find through the internet on Singer's website. It's very time-consuming to thread. The manual is definitely not user-friendly. Whoever wrote it must have been an engineer or rocket scientist! I am extremely disappointed with the performance of this machine. I will never buy another Singer product!
I bought sealing grease to lub the sealing rings on the watch case. The back goses on easier when it is lubed. It works. I rated 5 star. Not anything to go wrong with it.
I gave it 4 stars because I am a novice sewer and I found some of the directions a little confusing.My friend came over and set up the machine and it's fine..it's lightweight and good for my purposes.I am creating linings for crocheted purses..I would recommend with hesitation.
Very handy and small enough to keeping in my purse. Comes with a versatile soft synthetic pointed round brush, which works very well for both thick and thin lines. The quality of the pigments isn't great but works if you're doing VERY soft washes or want VERY transparent colors. Case is flimsy and came with a dent in the middle of the lid that prevented it from closing properly.
It's nice to sort your items, but the cover isn't made well. I actually have never found a organizer that closes perfectly and securely. :(
The product is the permanent glue sticks in the picture, Not repositionable like the title and product description states they are. The company was great about replacing them but after 4 tries, still not the item that was described. A+ on customer service, F on Product description.
Not worth the effort to return for cheap item. Opened a supposedly new item in what appeared to be new packaging. The case was obviously used. Had several scratches on it and some black and green goo that I had to try to scrub off.
Good product for displaying my wooden hand carved Santa ornaments. Product arrived on time and in good condition. I am happy with the purchase.
The trigger broke on the first use. I thought no big deal, I can just push the glue stick through. On the second use I plug the gun in and there is a huge spark and the power cord blew from the base of the gun. Now its completely useless. Dont waste your money on this cheap item, at least buy from Walmart so if something happens you can return easily.
Got this machine as a gift. My first project went really well, a couple of denim bags. My second project, a quilt, went well through initial piecing. But when I started to combine the pieces, the machine had issues feeding through the layered seems. I would have to pull the pieces. So I got the even feed foot, which helped some. I did get it all pieced together, then I started to try and quilt. It's been a real struggle. I can't keep a constant tension. I would test it on a sample, start quilting, and then have to pull out an entire line due to bad tension. Test, quilt, success, quilt, fail, rip out, and repeat.I would recommend this for two layer, maybe three at most and not for very thick fabrics. I absolutely would not suggest for quilting. I'm in the market looking for an upgrade as I really enjoyed piecing together this quilt and I refuse to let the tension problem on this machine to cloud my enthusiasm for sewing.hope this helps someone.
Researching I felt that this was a great quality machine with the perfect range of features. On reveiving the machine I was releived to discover it was the perfect weight and size. However, it uses a really specific voltage (110-120 volts) and cord type so DO NOT buy this if you are situated in the pacific, especially Australia. Most European countries will have the same problem. As soon as I plugged it into the power outlet the votlage blew blowing up the motor in turn. The machine now does not function at all!!On contacting Brother they claimed no responsibility (which was clearly stated in the warranty) and it would cost $300 AUD to fix it.I am really dissapointed the voltage problem was not communicated to me when buying the machine even though they knew my location.
I am NOT a sewer mainly fixing rips/tears, take in the inseam a bit, I had a SINGER given to me by a friend YEARS AGO. It started NOT sewing like it use to so I WAS going to buy a BROTHER at OVERSTOCK.COM, but went to a LOCAL Target store instead and seen the SHARK INTELLI-SEW, so I thought well what the hec, I can make curtains, etc., do monograms. Well I GUESS I NEED some type of hoop for that, because when I tried to make an "L" it SO DID NOT come out right, I know part of the problem is me, but I think the instructions for the settings & the hoop could have been a little better, easier for a BEGINNER like myself to understand. Other than that once I FIGURED OUT the AUTO NEEDLE THREADER it worked great. I know that with time & practice I will learn ALOT MORE with this machine. I am satified with my purchase.
Well, it is a nice little magnifier and comes in a nice little box, but it is not a 30x. It is almost exactly a 10x magnifier.
I didnt like this at all puch comes out really badI might as well use my drill to make the hole
ORIGINAL POST of December 7, 2011I don't have a major bone (ha ha) to pick about these kitchen shears.I will say that if I had realized they don't have a knurled bottle opener inside the handle I would not have bought them, but that's not the scissors' (or is it scissor's, or even scissors's?) fault.No, the main reason I'm taking a moment to review these Fiskars 94717097J Premier Take-Apart Shears, 7-Inch is to make users aware of a feature I don't think has been mentioned (although I admit I haven't read ALL of the 42 reviews that have preceded mine). I know this feature is not mentioned in the Amazon description or in the packaging.That feature is the ability to set the pressure that's exerted by one blade against the other. Other scissor-type tools offer this feature, but they advertise it, as they should.It is desirable to be able to control that pressure. If you have weak hands you might want less pressure, and if you want the shears to cut with more certainty you might want more.If you examine the blade with the threaded screw being held by the surrounding nut, you'll see a notch cut out of the nut. I can guess that that notch is used at the factory to set the inter-blade pressure, but that's just a guess. What I do know is that if you grab that nut with a pair of pliers and rotate it clockwise the pressure increases and if you rotate it counterclockwise the pressure decreases. You can't change the pressure by much, because if you loosen it too far the shears won't cut at all, and if you tighten it too far you're just wearing down the blades prematurely and making extra work for yourself for not enough additional grabbing power.Still, there is room for a little adjustment, and I decided to make the blades a little tighter than they came from the factory so they're more likely to grab rather than slip. If I were using these scissors to cut many yards of easily cut fabric I would probably take the time to loosen the nut a few degrees. Also, I can imagine that over time the blades will loosen on their own, and that adjusting nut will allow you to bring them back to factory specs.Just thought you'd want to know.Alas, this complicated way of attaching one blade to the other, with the threaded screw and the nut with the notch, results in places where food and and mold and microbes such as germs and bacteria and viruses and other evil ick can hide, later to come out and leap wholeheartedly onto some food you're using these shears on and cause you and your dozen guests to suffer ptomaine poisoning and botulism and salmonella and trichinosis and elephantiasis and a broken leg.Again, if I had known about this failing I would have kept shopping. The whole idea of take-apart scissors is allow thorough cleaning everywhere, and the nut-and-screw design defeats that purpose. For this I subtract 1 starThe simpler way of attaching take-apart scissors, which involves only two parts instead of four but doesn't allow for pressure adjustment, means there are no such hidey-holes anywhere.One solution is to swoosh the problem blade in vinegar or, better yet, bleach every so often. Another is to unscrew the nut completely and remove it and its screw from the blade they're attached to, although you will still presumably want to clean then somehow. A third is to boil the problem blade for a while, but I don't know whether the plastic handle can take that amount of heat. One solution to that problem is to dangle the blade in the water so the handle isn't in it.Also, just to be thorough, I did test these Fiskars on a number of objects and substances to see whether they could cut them in two.Here are some things this product CAN shear asunder.blister packsturkey fat, skin, cartilage, ligaments and tendonscylindrical cranberry saucemashed potatoes and gravy (unless prepared by my Aunt Mabel)pumpkin pie (see above)quail, parakeet and hamster bonesstring, twine and cord.Here are some things these scissors CANNOT cut in twain. (Things cut into three pieces, in case you were wondering, are in thrain.)Billiard ballSteinway Model D Concert grand pianoFiskars 7-inch Premier take-apart shears themselvesEngine block of 1995 ThunderbirdUSS Nimitz CVN-68 aircraft carrierSuperman's eyelashes.I do not subtract any stars for all these failures, I just thought you'd want to know in case you were thinking of buying these shears for the wrong reason.Five stars minus one star for the microbial hidey-holes is four stars.=====UPDATE OF of January 2, 2012I've run these scissors through the dishwasher three times now, and I'm surprised to have to report that that nut I discuss below is now rusting, for which I have subtracted another star.Also, I must report that the scissors don't cut plain old single-ply cardboard nearly as well as the other two pairs of kitchen scissors I have, for which I subtract yet another star.Overall, I now conclude that these scissors suck, and if I had known about all these drawbacks I certainly would never have bought them.=====UPDATE OF January 8, 2012Despite so many high ratings of and complimentary comments about this product from earlier reviewers, after some use I have found it to be an almost comical disappointment, and I will soon resign to consign it to the toolbox in my trunk. The word "Premier" in the name of the product suggests Fiskars offers a lower-quality model, but I don't think that's possible.I used these shears yesterday to cut the backbone from a chicken I was spatchcocking. Well, I should say I used these shears to TRY to cut the backbone from a chicken I was spatchcocking, because I got only halfway up one side when the shears just stopped on one particular rib. I got a better grip and really mashed down hard, and nothing. It was like trying to sever a tire iron.Because I'd never encountered such a problem before, it dawned on me that I'd never used these shears for this task before, so I switched to my older pair, theWusthof 5558-1 Come-Apart Kitchen Shears, and they snipped right through. To me that was a perfect, practical demonstration of a significant difference between the kitchen product under review and a competing kitchen product. So yet again I subtract a star.You'll remember I originally praised the notched locking nut because it's actually adjustable, and then I subtracted a star because of the difficulty of sterilizing that joint. Well, it also occurs to me that that notch could also allow the scissors to change the pressure WITHOUT YOUR KNOWING IT. You're scissoring through a tough hamster carcass and you try to gain some leverage and you unknowingly bump that notch against the sternum or some other tough bone and it rotates a couple degrees as you're strenuously pressing the handles together, which secretly changes the blade-to-blade pressure, and you go on for the rest of your life with these shears not knowing you changed the pressure and didn't want to. Of course, this can happen many times a year, with the problem getting worse each time if you keep on rotating the nut the same direction each time, depending on how often you butcher hamsters.Here's how the Fiskars 94717097J Premier Take-Apart Shears, 7-Inch compares to the Wusthof 5558-1 Come-Apart Kitchen Shears.1. Wusthof costs $19.95; Fiskars costs 43.06% less (as of today).2. Wusthof is 8 inches; Fiskars is 7.3. Wusthof has jar opener; Fiskars does not.4. Fiskars has hidey-holes for microbes; Wusthof does not.5. Fiskars rusts after only three dishwashings; Wusthof, after several dozen, does not.6. Fiskars gets slowed down or stopped by cardboard and chicken bones; Wusthof does not.7. Wusthof avaliable in several colors; Fiskars available only in orange.I'm not saying the Wusthof 5558 is the best pair of kitchen shears out there per dollar invested, but I use kitchen shears a LOT in the kitchen, so I'm willing to pay a higher price for a better product. The Wusthof 5558 is way more than 75.6% better than the Fiskars 94717097J.I now recommend you not buy these Fiskars kitchen scissors, at any price.
I was just starting out as a sewer so I got this machine becasue it "appeared" to do a lot for the money. It is ok as far how it works its nice to have the all the stitches but it is very load sounds like it is breaking (in fact I thougth it was and it was just a bad machine until I heard that is common with brothers) it also DOES NOT EMBROIDERY... do not believe that. also you cant really go past med speed or it starts acting up. look else were because in 6 months you will be better then the machine can do.
These do what they say. They are great for kids who love to paint. We used them all summer but they won't last for another season. The sponge isn't extremely thick and you can't expect it to last on the stick after using, washing and drying. It eventually is too much wear. I'm sure we'll buy these or something else similar again to replace the ones we have. We need something beyond brushes. We paint weekly outside in the summer.
I purchased this to take my measurements to track weight loss goals. It goes up to 60" so it is more than enough for any measurements I'd want to take. It's thick enough that it has a solid feel to it but not so thick that's hard to bend or take a waist measurement. It wraps up nicely and doesn't uncoil easily. It's easy to read and for the price it's the cheapest I could find anywhere.
Great kitchen scissors, especially for cutting frozen food bags, blister packs, Cryovac wrap, shrink wrap. They also come apart for cleaning. Very strongly make, but Fiskars doesn't make junk.
I've used the Pioneer Photo Glue stick for several projects and have been very pleased with this product. It went on smoothly and the photos and other items stuck well to the surface that they were being glued to and there was no "bleed" through to the front of the photos.The glue stick is acid free and we felt that it was safe to use for the "Ancestor Photo Albums" that we created as gifts for our 6 grown children. We used the glue stick for both photos and paper labels that we had typed on the computer. I would recommend this product over other glue sticks that I have used that did not stick well to the pages.
Enclosed directions, with detailed instructions are "NOT ENCLOSED". Not for this one or any of the other 4 I bought at same time. I am disappointed after spending close to $50.00 for 5 items, (different sizes), and I don't know how to use it. Guess I need to guess!
These are excellent. I am very happy with this product and will buy more when I run out. Perfect.
This is a great all in one machine at a good price. Free shipping to me is even better than going to a store. Makes costume sewing very easy for me. Has all the accessories I need. I use it almost every day.
I was disappointed with the SW240 and it sewed like it was "factory refurbished" instead of new. While trying it out, it sounded like the parts were loose and clanged to the rotation of the needle. I wanted to keep the machine and then found out that there are not any authorized dealers in my area to check it out and see what the problem could have been.The 2 stars are for the look and what seemingly is being offered. I have used Simplicity machines for years and I'm sorry to see another American product lose its quality:-(
All the other reviewers think this was the best thing, so maybe I was just using it wrong or something. I had a lot of trouble with it scraping the sticky off my mat. The spatula would get gummed up fairly quickly. Maybe it was an issue with my mat. Anyway, I don't use it anymore, I just use a fingernail to get under the edge and pull up carefully. But for the price, I'm still not sorry I bought it.
I use this tape just like I use regular Scotch tape to mail packages. It doesn't seem any thicker or harder to cut or tear than regular tape. I just personally did not see the difference between this tape and regular Scotch mailing tape.
As a airbrush user in Warhammer 40k wargaming modeling. The quick release is a must. The ability to change quickly between multiple airbrushes without having to unscrew the air hose is a big time saver. The quick disconnect plug easily attaches to the airbrush then pops into the female section and you are ready to spray.
I had to order this online cause I'm not in an area with a craft store- unfortunately, the product came broken. Otherwise, it would have been great!
This looked handy & fun so we thought we'd give it a try.Bad choice.The throat (distance you can punch from the edge of the paper) is only 1/8" -- which complicates positioning since you have to trim one edge within +/- 1/16" before punching -- so much for most of the advantage of positioning face up.The mechanism is also not very sturdy, and jammed trying to do moderately heavy card stock. With some effort and perseverance, we got it unjammed again, but phooey.The Paper Shapers punch we switched to is almost as easy to use punch-side up (though it wasn't made to be used that way), has a 3/4" throat (six times larger), for much, much easier positioning, and is much, much sturdier, going through the same piece of card stock with ease.The squeeze design is a fun gimmick, and we wouldn't discourage you from trying one, but choose a pattern purely for play value and get something else for serious use.
The clasps in the picture are much shinier and cleaner than what you will receive.Less than quality milling left them with ragged edges.
My 14-year-old granddaughter loves it. She finds it easy to use. She's thrilled!
The pens do not work well at all. These are not good calligraphy pens, and if I hadn't thrown out the packaging, I would have returned it.
I use Moonlight Mohair as a warp accent in my signature shawls. It always draws rave comments.
Very cool. Can erase if you use a white board marker. But curls up and doesn't "stay put" for as long as I'd hoped.
I've always been impressed with both form and function when it comes to Pioneer products and the &quot;Pioneer Self Adhesive 3D Gold Letters&quot; do not fall short in the form category. These small gold letters are very attractive and will compliment a variety of scrapbook themes and styles. I liked the idea of the raised letter (&quot;3D&quot;) to add a very subtle texture.Unfortunately, as a whole, the function of the &quot;Pioneer Self Adhesive 3D Gold Letters&quot; fell far below my expectations based on previous experiences with Pioneer products. The letters are so small that they can be difficult to work with. Additionally, their size alone doesn't allow much adhesive, and while this can make the letters easier to position, they didn't stay in their final resting place without a bit of coaxing. I also felt that the raised 3D effect lent to the poor adhesive as well. By the time I pressed them into place firmly enough to hold their ground, I had flattened out the letters so that they no longer were raised. Even then, I had some rogue letters (lower case 'e' and 'c') that refused to stay put. I finally reinforced their &quot;self adhesive&quot; power by dabbing the backs on a glue stick.All in all, while I found the &quot;Pioneer Self Adhesive 3D Gold Letters&quot; some of the prettier letters I've worked with, I also found them the most frustrating and difficult, leaving them with 3 stars.
I don't really know what to compare this particular mannequin to except for solid- state, non-adjustable dress forms. In my opinion however, I feel as though this is a pretty cheap product. I've had it for about three months. I only plan on using it a few times a month or even less. It works just fine, and has been great for what I need. Nevertheless, I don't imagine that it will last long, especially if I'm not extra careful when handling it. It is the perfect size for anyone who needs to make clothes sized 4-6 (in REAL sizes by measurements, not the euphemistic USA sizing where the label says 6 but the measurements are really more like an 8 or a 10). An 8 might be a tough size to expand this mannequin to, and I don't think when in its default size it is much smaller than a 4.The casing fabric is nice; fabrics stick to the surface, which I find helpful. You can also easily stick pins into it. So far, I haven't had any problems and it works just fine for what I need. I would stray away from this model if you use a lot of heavy fabrics because the mannequin will slowly sink down the main pole with too much weight, or if you're going to demand a lot from your mannequin.I would recommend this mannequin as a perfect starter dress form for someone who is beginning to sew clothes simply because of its affordable price. However, I would not recommend this dress form for anyone who needs something really stable, well-built, and/or professional quality.
This hot glue gun does what it is suppose to do, maybe to good. The glue is melting at such a fast rate and the nozzle is too large so unless you are using it constantly it is dripping everywhere. Also the cord is only about 2 feet long so you should plan on using an extension cord or be very close to an outlet. On top of that, the cord is very flimsy and cheap. The wire protection separated from the wire after only about 1 month of use. I would not recommend this product unless you are simply looking for the cheapest glue gun for a 1 time project.
Not for cutting very thick paper or cardstock............but if using plain paper it does a good job. You must be very careful placing the paper in the punch or it doesn't cut evenly. But it's an okay product at a decent price.
I love it! So easy to have everything located in one bag that I use for scrapbooking. Has rollers so its easier to get around when I go to friends houses to scrapbook.
Hi, I just got home from Mother's Day with my mom and gave this to her. We played with it this afternoon -- both of us experienced sewers, me with a high-end Brother Innov-is 40 and my mother with a 40 year old Brother war horse mechanical machine. We both loved this new machine. I have to say the integrity of the stitch rivaled my $500 machine.Light (great for my 72 year old mother), fast enough, sewed through multiple layers easily, top and bottom threads nice and tight, threading the machine was easy enough. Directions (particularly illustrations) were a little dodgy, but we got it set up and sewing in 15 minutes or less.How could a $115 dollar machine be as good as my $500 one? A big, happy surprise!It is simple and doesn't have a lot of bells and whistles, but for a straight-forward, simple machine it is excellent.
Buy a more expensive cutter!!! You defiantly get what you pay for. I started to use it when making a quilt and it began to fall apart almost from the start, the screw that holds the blade in is attached to the safety (or not so safe) guard and the screw begins to loosen with every roll of the blade. By about 3 cuts I am tightening this screw and if you tighten it to much the blade doesn't move but then the blade is loose and making crazy lines. I would not recommend this to anyone.
This cuts exactly 1.5". It moved a little off the circle when I squeezed and I had to adjust the circle a little before punching them. It took a little extra time to line up the punch with the sheet of paper that had the printed circles on it. It cuts the circle off completely, no rough edges, very nice.
I got this for gift wrapping since I have all of my family out of state and wind up shipping pretty much everything. It lasts forever! and while not stylish, it does a good job of wrapping things in heavy duty paper for shipping or just regular wrapping needs...lol
I've owned this for about two weeks. And have used it almost everyday. There are some things I like alot, like, the super easy bobbin design, the easy threading. But it is extrememly light. It will easily tip over. It struggle through two layers of fleece, and jammed up over a seam. As I was pulling the fleece through, it tiped over. It's probably great for light weight sewing, but with four boys, I need something that can handle denim and heavy material. The work space is also very small, don't even think that you'll get a quilt or jacket through there!
This is a great set of Xacto blades with 3 different Handles. The Wooden box is a benefit too, the last thing you want to do after buying loose Xacto blades is have them floating around in a drawer.The Xacto brand is quality (not like some of the off market imitators). You may also want to purchase extra blades of a specific type for large projects.
I ordered this sewing machine and when I got my package it was a completely different machine definitely not the one I ordered by far! Fortunately the one I received works pretty well for something cheep I just needed it to fix my husbands acu's and it works great for that. As for this machine I cannot say because I didn't receive it. Be awair you may not get what you ask for.
The case I received must have been sitting the around the warehouse for quite a while. The locking hinges were a little rusty. For $20, I put a little light oil on them (as it seemed returning it would be more trouble than it was worth); & all is fine. The hinges lock properly and the little damage they incurred didn't cause the hinges to stick or make them hard to use. I was concerned about putting my machine in something with rust, but it cleaned up well. It's quite a sturdy case without being heavy. It would have been nice if there had been some sectioning so that you could put the manuals, etc. inside the case, though. Again, for $20 it's just fine. I'm pleased with the purchase.
These pens are great if you need to do drawing or sketching with a very fine tip. I liked the quality of most of the pens, except I had one pen no# 2 which was almost dry (and I just got the package yesterday).These pens were not lasting ones. Many of them dried up pretty fast, and after 3 months all are dried. Otherwise, I think these are very good pens.
This is my second pair of Fiskars larger softouch scissors. The first ones worked well until Husband decide to cut something too tough. I like the soft handle and that they are for right/left. Will do a nice job for a quick cute for most things.I also have two pairs of the small ones. I love them and they have lasted for several years. Nice product
I really like these scissors, they're easy to use, cut well and most importantly: are easy on the hands. I got these because my mother purchased a pair for herself due to her arthritis and I really liked them. I would recommend them to anyone with arthritis or anyone who has to use scissors quite a bit. It takes a lot less force to make a cut so they don't fatigue the hand the way regular scissors do, and are particular easy on the thumbs since most of the cutting action is done by the fingers and the thumb is not surrounded by the handle creating painful pressure points.The big caveat: the locking mechanism is weak. The first pair I ordered would not lock right out of the package. It actually sprung open as I got them out. I had to return it for a replacement. Just now as I was sitting at my desk they sprung open and startled me. I think that the orange plastic of the lock has worn down the ridges on the handle that locks it in place. I'm very disappointed and will probably contact the company so they can do something about it. After two failed locks, one from light use and another from no use at all, I won't be purchasing another pair until changes are made.
Hard to adjust - and the paper guide (silver metal slider) can be bumped and misaligned way too easily. It seems quite cheap.
I've been a working potter for 40 yrs and have worked with any number and brands of banding wheels, turntables, etc. This is by far the best. It is very heavy duty and built to last. I've owned mine for over 10 years and it will outlast me.It is infinitely adjustable so you can use it sitting or standing and is easily portable. The turntable is very heavy, removable, can be locked into place and will spin forever when unlocked. It is very stable and never tips or wobbles. It is low maintenance requiring only a drop of oil occasionally and is easily cleaned. I use it on a daily basis for banding, glazing, touch up and a myriad of other uses that I'm never able to predict.The only thing I've found that is comparable is the heavy duty Shimpo table banding wheel. But for a little more money you can have this banding wheel that does much more, doesn't take up needed space on a work table, and has many more options.
The description on Amazon regarding contents is inaccurate. I did not receive the wide table extension nor the DVD. These were two of the features I looked forward to receiving.
Needed a new hobby and decided on a activity that actually produces tangible prizes! Easy set up, dvds not osx compatible though was able to watch all of the dvd videos on quicktime! First day modified 5 mens pieces so they actually fit the body, as all mens ready to wear is sloppy, no more slop! 2nd day modified additional pieces and am very happy I chose this over a video game!
This gun heated up quickly and melted the glue but instead of coming out of the nozzle the melted glue came back up from where the glue stick goes in! What a mess! I tried putting a thin wire up the nozzle to see if there was a blockage and the wire came out covered with hot glue but the trigger did not cause the glue to come out of the nozzle. I threw it in the trash and ordered another brand. Maybe just a fluke with this one gun but didn't want to try another of the same brand.
Man these are the best needles I have ever used ...these needles ROCK! ... If you need sewing needles then you would be a fool to go anywhere else! ...I'm telling you I was amazed at the quality of these needles! ....ok really ...do you really need a review of needles??? Cmon they are freekin needles there isn't much to em... So if you really need a review of some needles for hand sewing something then fine yeah ...they are metal...they are sharp enough to go through fabrics and if you stick yourself with them you might bleed! So with that in mind I would recommend these needles.
This is exactly like it was described! I love how my sewing area is clutter free without all the yard everywhere. The plastic Bobbins are great and a VERY good quality. VERY fast shipping.
I bought this stencil set for my grandchildren and the stencils themselves are fine. I believe the picture somewhat misrepresents the set as it is smaller than what the box appears. I was concerned if the children would have trouble using smaller stencils but since they are well made and thick they do stay in place. I do not think the set is worth $20.00 but I saw no reason to return them. They will last well and hopefully be used for a long time.
I initially looked for a mat locally to avoid paying shipping. Couldn't find one in the 24 x 36 size anywhere, and it was too expensive to order that size online. So I ordered this mat instead. Wouldn't you know it, shortly after the mat arrived, Walmart got the larger sized mat in ... and it only cost $27. If you don't have a Walmart nearby, this might be your best buy. If you do, check there first!
The way this product works is that as you squeeze the cutting piece is spun and pushed up. this is achieved my small metal rods which stick out of the cutting piece and fit into tracks providing the desired path for the piece. now the problem is these tacks are plastic and after about an hour of repeated use, the product would occasionally stop working. shaking the product around sometimes helped.I decided to open up the product and see what was going on which is when i discovered the plastic tracks. they had been almost entirely eaten away and in pars simply had broken off. this resulted on the blade often popping out of its tracks making it impossible for the product to do its job until by chance, after lots of shaking around, it would fall back into the tracks.with the product working at a rate of about 1 disc per minute i decided to just take it apart again and manually push the blade into the paper i needed to cut. needless to say, as soon as i finished the project, i threw the thing out.
As the title says this is a low grade construction paper. I found it to be a bit flimsy and a dark gray, rather than black. The price is right for throw away student projects.
If your planning on buying tools like these you might want to make sure who you get them from. I was happy enough to have these for their many uses BUT they looking over used and even too worn. So if your looking for quality tools, and a quality place to get them, email the company and do your research. Its a good deal if the tools were in a great shape, but you get what you pay for and these by no means are worth it. I suggest in a pinch find a local art retailer, better yet a good mom and pop deal and go there for tools like these.
I ordered white and was shipped yellow... I could get the yellow trace easily in my area... the whole point was getting it in white. Returning it was not an option.I will not be ordering from this distributor again.
I was really disappointed to find only 5 sheets in this envelop. The package picture has 'fuzzed out' the circle with '5'. When Amazon or whoever lined up the comparisons the others had 10 sheets, so I assumed! DaThis product printed well, but the photos after using the prescribed treatment are dull and look washed out. In addition the 'peeling' of the paper must be done very, very carefully. I ruined my first sheet when the sticky part of the paper could not be removed from the sheet. The whole paper must be peeled in one piece. Instructions did not outline that important point.Thus with shipping, my cost for five sheets was actually $4 each or $5 each with the ruined first sheet. I would not order or use this product again.
I've tried a variety of different kinds of colored pencils overtime including derwent and faber castell and although these pencils are good too, I believe Prismacolored pencils are certainly the best ones on the market. These pencils with their soft leads are easier to blend then the two brands and don't come off as easy if you accidently rub your hand on your work (very important to me). They come in a lot of different sizes (12, 24, 48, 72, 96, 120) and the price tag is always quite high for colored pencils but it is something you won't regret buying. The only flaw I can tell about them is sometimes I get a pencil with flawed wood, and it just won't sharpen! I usually lose a lot of this pencil to sharpening but I manage. (this is rare) Highly recommended to everyone who loves to draw!
I purchased the long loom and round loom sets at a brick and mortar store near my home. Loom knitting is relatively easy for me to learn as it is very similar to the spool knitting I used to do as a child. I've already made a hat and scarf set and I'm still looking for other pattern ideas that are easy for me to practice with. Eventually, I may decide to try a more complicated pattern with these looms.
I ordered the purse holder but was dissatisfied when the item I received was not of the quality represented in the photo. The crystal was murky and,pale. Very unlike the similar item I purchased from Stein Mart and misplaced. It was, however, just as expensive, and the crystal fell off before I ever used it. My husband tried gluing it back on - still haven't used it. Probably a garage sale item for a quarter. Don't make the same mistake.
Once I had 10 stitches brother machine.I liked that so much and I wanted to do something more difficult and sophisticated.so I purchased this and I'm not happy with this machine.I read the instruction 3 times and started sewing.problem 1. week needlesThis one has thread-tension controller 0 to 9I set thread thesion 2 1/2 or 3 ...I think needles are not strong enough ,eventually I broke A.L.L my needlesand now I set the tension only between 0 to 1 (maximum)( I went to Ja-Ann and replaced needles, I guess these needle are stronger.They stand even tension higher than 6 or 7 )what kind occasion can we use like tension over than 4?cause those needles which come with this machine can't even stand tension 3..Problem 2. thread or depth of fabricsThis machine like neither cheap threads nor thin fabrics such as silk.and thread from the bobbin gets mess up with your projects quite often.I know how to handle bobbin enough but I read instruction throughly many times.Now I'm using it with no complaints because I gave up some parts of problems.If things happen again . now I go like this " whatever!!"
I bought this toy for my boys a few years ago because they had enjoyed playing with a marble run game at a friend's house. I thought this toy bould be even better since it was wood instead of plastic. I was wrong! The toy is difficult to balance just right so that the marble will go through it. The giraffe and bell pieces also broke very quickly. It is better to stick with wood for blocks and plastic for marble mazes!
I just purchased my first serger and wanted more info than the manufacturer manual supplied. This book is well laid out. It is written to be easily understood. The only improvement I could suggest is that the pictures could be better identified in the text. In other words, when you read about the different threads there are photos but they text doesn't say ( fig A-2). So your left figuring that out. Since I am a beginner that sometimes isn't so clear. All in all I learned enough to make me feel a little more comfortable with my new serger.
This is a xmas gift. Great product for a first time seamstress. It's nice to have a cover to protect the sewing machine.
This project definitely requires adult supervision and attention to detail. I had some problems with the molding material - was never able to get the lumps out of it - detail of the final project was impacted by the quality of the molding material.
A great idea, BUT: Not-trivial learning curve, difficult to use, and the plastic stays break frequently when you're trying to inset them. Not worth the trouble.
The product was ok, it just seemed a bit expensive. The stencil performed as expected with crisp edges. It was borderline too thin as it allowed some paint to blow under.
Prat generally makes very good quality cases. This case is nicely made. I gave it two stars because it is listed as a "presentation portfolio" case. It is a portfolio case. The presentation cases have ring binders where you can put refillable sheets in them, which this one does not have. I paid 35 plus 10 for shipping which is what you can get this for just about anywhere. Also, for being brand new, it had dings an nicks on it and it was shipped in a flattened box.
It is just what it says it is, needles, good quality and seem to last well so far.
I didn't really Exactly what is in the picture but something similar,.. at first is rough hard to bend but with the time gets around the hand nicely -- for looks its ok i like it .
Best scissors I ever used, it is so sharp and comfortable to hold and use. Not too expensive and with free shipping, you won't regret to buy this small scissors.
This is a really neat technique that I've yet to try. I am constantly adding to my polymer clay book collection and this was the only one I found on the uses of liquid clay. Very good instructions and lots of ideas in here. The liquid clay is something anyone can make themselves in the colors you want.Great used book too. I was very, very pleased.
I definitely would not waste my time and money buying this variety of needle threaders. I have used these and they do work great, but they are SO easy to lose and bend. For just a few dollars more you can get a very sturdy Clover needle threader that works like a champ every time and includes a thread cutter!Here is a great overview and tutorial on how the Clover needle threader works.
Please do not waste your money on these clasps. They are such poor quality that the first time I tried on a bracelet I made using these, the bar part broke right off. I'm so glad that I always try on any jewelry I make before I sell it. I hadn't applied much pressure to the bar, but obviously with a toggle clasp, they need to be sturdy because they will be yanked around a bit. I tested all of the other clasps from the order and they all broke just as easily.
Purchased for a project and they did the job. I never used this product before and they were easy to use.
I really like the idea of this kit. But, I tried to mold and cast my daughter's hand and my son's foot. Neither turned out very good. The plaster-like material that you end up with doesn't seem very strong and breaks and chips easily. Also, trying to use a small kid for this &#34;craft&#34; is difficult because they have to keep their hand or foot very still in the right place for a long time.
For the money, the is a fairly decent magnifying glass. Don't really expect it to be thirty power, though. It is more or less ten power as far as I can figure by comparing it to several expensive Hastings triplets I own.Where they got the "approximately 30x" from is anyone's guess unless they were trying to rate the thing by area magnification as opposed to linear magnification. In this case they got the formula wrong.Magnifiers are usually rate linearly, in that a 2x magnifier should make a one inch line appear two inches. This is the same as binoculars and other magnifying instruments though there is some kind of convention, I believe, of a standard ten inches with reading glass magnifiers.Whatever--the thing does have glass lenses as far as I can tell and it comes in a nifty little plastic box. It is a great little lens for a geology student or a nature buff and, at the price, makes a novel little gift.
May be universal but I needed to add a lot of padding so the machine would stay put. Does the job--but not particularly well
Arrived really fast in packaging advertised - I had ordered 6, one had been opened and taped closed rather sloppily but the case was okay and the blade seemed to be sharp.
Looks amazing! But it still drips like mad and the light shines in the wrong spot.
This is only an OK product. Spend the extra bucks and buy quality. It will make a difference in two years.
Did you notice that the people who had success with this machine only made small things? I suppose it will do fine if you only intend to use 1 skein of yarn or don't want to add other colors. ANYTHING that causes you to tie in another skein or color and makes a knot (even though the manual shows you how) won't work. The machine WILL drop stitches.I've knitted and crocheted for years so I KNOW how the principles of the stitches work. I had a long tube scarf on the machine and fought with the whole process for half a day, cussing, trying to be patient, fixing the few problems that came up each time I had to add another skein or wanted to change color. I was down to the last 22 rows - which on this thing is about 1 minute's more of work, when again... it dropped stitches, this time 5 rows worth. At no time did I crank the thing "lightening" fast as some people here describe it because the yarn tension would get too tight if you tried. You can wind all your yarn into balls as much as you want but the yarn, as it is feeding into the machine, will catch on your clothes or onto itself,you simply HAVE to go steadily and carefully.Anyway. . .I took the whole scarf off the machine, ripped out the rows back to the problem area, re-hung the scarf BACK on the machine and slowly tried to start again. The needles did not want to take the work and go on, so I worked the knitting manually on the machine trying to get past whatever its problem was until, I hoped, it would get back on track again. All this took the better part of a day so I wasn't in a very good mood. If it would have just "dropped" the stitches I could have fixed it manually but it not only dropped 5 rows (and 2 hooks worth of them at that) it held on to a stitch from the last row where it had worked properly and continued on with THAT stitch, tightening and puckering the work so that it couldn't be overlooked and fixed "later". You can't tell something has gone wrong until it is too late. I suppose you could crank so slowly that you could check each needle every time it comes up behind the tension guard, but that wasn't the point of buying the darn thing was it? I noticed that the more I used it the more "slack" the needles got.So, that was it for me. The whole scarf (equal to a Red Heart Super Saver Skein plus added in contrasting color) is now in a big ball in the plastic bin that I let the yarn roll around in while I was trying to knit on the machine.I don't have access to anything but dial-up internet at home so going to Youtube to see tutorials is out because they stutter and stop so badly they aren't viewable. Until I can get to DSL somewhere later in the week, I simply can't use their help.So far I am NOT impressed. It cost me $77 on ebay (inc. shipping) and at the moment it could go in the dumpster for what use I've gotten out of it.
2 stitches and burned out literally. Threw it away, and didn't even minded on returning it, would have been expensive to do it.Don't throw away your money. I still have the part that started to burn out if you want to see pictures of it
This board is so much thinner than the original board that I bought. I was a little disappointed and should have spent more money on a better quality board. I would not recommend it for heavy cutting or for heavy duty work areas. I think it is more suitable for children in my opinion.
She has used this tip numerous times and it does exactly what is should. She would reccomend it to anyone!
I bought this set of crayons for my 21 month old daughter. She would color all day if I let her!Now, on to the review...There isn't much more that can be said about Crayola Crayons that isn't already known. They come in more colors than any kid will ever need. Our particular box came with gel crayons, neon crayons, and sparkly crayons too. They look great on paper. The gel crayons even look great on black construction paper.If you are looking for a box of crayons that will keep your art savvy child occupied for more than 5 minutes, this is the set for you.
My review is two fold. I like the quality of the photos from my picturemate. However I've ordered the T5845 cartridge twice, both times I only was able to print 50 photos no where near the 100 advertised. That over $.60 per photo.
One star rating because the kit contained the wrong airbrush:I was excited to try out this airbush (Badger 200-20 Detail) as I'd read some great reviews on it and Badger has a great reputation. Unfortunately when the airbrush kit arrived today, it had the wrong airbrush in it. As you can see from the picture, it has the Vega Nailaire airbrush instead of the 200 Detail. This is obviously incorrect as some of the parts included in the kit won't work with this airbrush. I contacted Amazon and they were very helpful however this product is out of stock so I was unable to get a replacement. I ordered a different 200 Detail kit (from Amazon) and they were good enough to expedite the shipping so hopefully I'll have a more positive review tomorrow.
I bought this model at a Fabric store, not on Amazon.com. But so far I haven't had any problems except I cannot figure out the pattern selector dial. I'm not sure if my machine is faulty but last night I spent two hours trying to get an overstitch and EVERYTHING was sewing in a straight line. I referred back to the manual (which is quite difficult to read with three different language panels) and I still cannot figure it out. Starting to wonder if I should have spent an extra $100 to get the automatic stitch selector.Overall this machine is Easy to thread, easy to thread bobbins. I just made a tube dress out of stretch sequin fabric and it was harder to do but managed to get through it. It is small but if you're not good at "trouble-shooting" threading issues like myself I would go for it. My sewing instructor told us to never buy cheap machines so I guess we'll wait and see. Personally I cannot afford her recommended $400-$500 Jenome machines.
Can't say much more - I love the quality of this paper - it is thin enough to accurately trace yet sturdy enough to not feel like regular 25lb/41g/m2 tracing paper.And it doesn't smear nearly as much as the latter either (even with 2B-4B pencils) - highly recommend!!!!
You can get a better quality product for what you are paying, don't get me wrong, it does what it says, but is not the best quality.
For the sale price of $189 this was probably worth what I paid for it. It is very finicky and has to be threaded just right for it to work. The instructions were not very helpful but I was able to find tutorials on youtube that helped. When it worked, it did a good job. However, I bought it to use on my new business and need a serger that will work every time, at least once a week. I only got to use this machine on 2 items before the upper looper motor settings jammed and now it won't work due to the looper bumping on all the other parts. I am returning it to buy a more reliable brand serger. If you are just using it on basic projects, once or twice a year, it might work for you but if you are planning to use it often, it won't be worth the headache.
I like this chalk, which I have in white, yellow, and blue. I bought it locally and it was the currently stated price, or lower, certainly not the $6.50 some reviewers have discussed in the past. The chalk is creamy and smooth and usually removes easily, although you must always do a test before using any kind of marking device on the right side of the fabric.The edges require frequent sharpening. Some people use a a knife or razor blade. I recently bought a plastic sharpener that seems to work.
This is a very useful set, with all types of blades to choose from. I've used it for crafts, fixing the car, and repairing a telemark ski boot. Somehow wish they could figure out how to keep them sharper for a bit longer, but I guess that's just the reality of knives.
This glue gun seems to be sturdy and is very comfortable, however, the glue runs out of the tip non stop. My personal use for it requires that it dispense very small amounts of glue at a time, and glue was everywhere by the time I was done. Within one hour there was a glob of glue on my stand I use the size of ping pong ball.
This is a great little product. I have had no issues with it, but lots of fun! You have to read the directions and if you pick up the tips and tricks from the Xryon website it makes the experience quick and easy.
This is not for heavy use. There is no braided exterior and it appears to have NO PROTECTION FROM SOLVENTS that affect vinyl. Good for light use and low pressures. With these limitations in mind, theis item is totally adequate. The price is right on the mony for the product.
Great set of markers, i work in ink and this is the only brand i use. The light colors especially are fantastic.
This is the worst waste of $25 - you'd do better giving it to your child to use to purchase penny candy with. Or flush it, because then you'd at least save yourself the frustration. I didn't buy this toy through Amazon - I wouldn't have, because otherwise I would have read the reviews - but picked it up on spur of the moment at the store. The machine is impossible to thread and that factor alone is more frustrating than you would believe. Add to that the disappointment of a 5 year old being unable to sew and it was one of the worst purchases I've made.
Decent for the price. Not sold on it being able to keep up with the big name players but for what I paid, I cant complain
I bought this to hang a laminated world map in my child's room. Despite using plenty of it, it fell off the wall in less than a month, and the putty is not sticky at all anymore. We have a slightly textured wall, but it seems like museum-grade putty should be able to adhere to it. And it's not clear why after a month...it's not sticky anymore. Perhaps it works for objects stuck to a flat horizontal surface, but it didn't on our wall.
This machine has given me hours of sewing enjoyment. It is necessary to thread the machine in the order given in the video or it will not perform. A few good books on sergers will give the basic information needed to be successful. The store clerk that suggested that White machines are inferior somehow seems to have limited experience. White sewing machine is a quality brand. I have a Bernina, a Viking and a White. I do my serging on the White. Threaded right, and following some basic instruction will yield success. My advice, if you are a novice or just learning to sew DO NOT GET A SERGER. Once you have mastered a basic sewing machine, move on to a serger, but get a class in how to operate it at your local sewing machine outlet. This will be the best investment for your dollar and well worth your while. There are more expensive machines out there that self thread and basically self maintain. The advantage is only in the ease of use, not in the quality of stitch or the speed of the machine. Depends on your skill level and willingness to seek some skill building education.
My new favorite medium. I also bought a small squeeze bottle so I can simply squeeze a drop or two into my pile of paint. No mess and no waste!
This sewing machine is easy to use for a beginner, but there are two main issues I have had so far. Firstly, the directions are a little bit confusing due to how they are worded and the four languages that are present throughout. Secondly, the thread gets caught on the wheel which unthreads the needle frequently. However, the sewing machine sews great and is easy to use once the directions are read thoroughly. I have never sewn before in my life, but with this sewing machine in the last two weeks I have made my first Halloween costume for my daughter. So, all in all, I am very happy with the machine.
The desk comes in two pieces the frame and the table top. There are no pre-drilled holes for the table top so putting the desk together requires making measurements on the table top, and then trying to set the frame up so that it is relatively easy to connect to the table. The table top is made of particle board and the paint or enamel coating is pretty easily scuffed or cracked. folding the table to put it away may require adjusting the height of the frame so that the desk folds "neatly." I'm not sure that I would recommend this desk for anyone who wants to do serious drafting work on it, but for the price its a decent sized desk which with some effort can be folded out of the way.
The description claims that these scissors are good for use in the kitchen but I think that needs some clarification. The cutting edge of the blades is only about an inch and a half long! The "Torque engineering" that is referred to can surely only mean that the handles are longer than the blades and so providing a gain due to leverage - other than that there is nothing really different compared to 'regular' scissors. When the description refers to chicken bones does it really mean just chicken ribs and cartlidge? The pivot is a simple rivet - pretty basic (and cheap) for a relatively expensive pair of scissors. Such a simple rivet also means that you can't take the blades apart. The scissors do work OK as regular scissors i.e. for cutting paper, plastic packaging etc. but no more so than any other reasonably well made, and possibly less expensive, design.
Not good paint. Very thick. Resembles marshmallow cream. Maybe I got a bad bottle? I needed something a lot smoother and thinner.
The product is okay, but the package is poor. I received a bag of papers in a very big box, and the bag of papers are open... It looks like someone already used it..... A bit disappoint receiving a product looks like it has been returned and resale.
I got the white reflective stickers, and they are bright, but they aren't "stickons," as in individual pieces. It's a long line of tape, and you can cut them into pieces or smaller, but it's messy and hard to do, the stickers stick to the scissors or fall on the floor. Also, the adhesive was weak and it took a lot of effort to get them to stick. I wouldn't buy them again.
I've used this thing for about 6 months. I bought it with the optional converter, which is really a must, as Rotring's cartridge ink stinks. I use it with waterproof Speedball SuperBlack, and it rarely clogs, but when it does, it starts flowing quickly if you just rinse the tip. It's a good idea to clean this with Rapido-eze pen cleaner once in a while like a Rapidograph.That said, this pen will not give you the kind of line differentiation as a crowquill, (Hunt or Speedball 102) and other reviewers were correct in saying this pen is stiff. The thinnest line is still pretty fat compared to a crowquill, but it dumps ink and doesn't cut the paper.EDIT: I downgraded this to three stars, after a few months of use I just find this too big a pain to clean properly and there's just not enough line variation when applying different pressures. It's fast and rarely skips, but for what I use it for I'd just prefer a fat Rapidograph.
Does not come with the handle as stated in the product page. And though there are 6 cutting tools in the photo there are only 5 that come in the box.
The plastic is sturdy, however it is very difficult to organize or use papers. The base doesn't stand up very well. You have to clip the top back so it doesn't get in your way when you are loading or removing papers.
This yarn has a lovely hand, is a smokey demin blue, and the yardage vs price makes this a really good deal.
I like the band but the leather is thin and the straps are not the same length. Decent band but the quality could be better.
While I did not purchase this from Amazon, I had to comment after reading so many negative reviews. I purchased this machine several years ago and had used it off and on for mending. However, for the past 3 to 4 months I have discovered quilting and have used it extensively. It works well. I have made 5 throw size (roughly 60 x 80 inches) quilts and have machine quilted (stitch in the ditch, parallel lines, flowers, and parallel lines using some of the fancier stitches)all of them. I am learning to free motion stitch on it.I recently realized that I need an extension table in order to make it easier to machine quilt. After looking at the cost of the extenders I thought about upgrading. However, the machine works well, my interest is learning to free motion quilt more than having a machine with 100 stitches, and have recently purchased (and used extensively) a walking foot, 1/4 inch foot, and quilting/darning foot, I've decided, if it ain't broke, don't fix it. So I will continue to use my Singer 2662 and buy an extension table for it. I am in the process of making a queen size spread and look forward to free motion quilting it on the Singer 2662.The only con: The instructions for making the various stitches are not easy to understand.Singer 2662 Sewing Machine with 38 Stitch Patterns
I purchased this product because I needed a seven hole punch, and the description claims "With its seven punch head capacity, the hole punch is completely adjustable for diverse punching needs...". However, you can NOT place the 7 hole punches at any setting you want because there are "parking spots" where you can place the punch if you don't want to use it so when you press down on the handle that punch in the "parking spot" does not push down. So you can NOT set this up to punch in any place that you want. Some of those "parking spots" are exactly where I needed it to punch.
My paint has sprung a leak. Something to consider when orderng via post. (Also, it arrived six days after the order was placed.)
I've owned many Fiskars products over the years. From scissors to tree trimmers. They have always been a quality brand.This hole punch isn't quite with the rest of their products.I would give it 3.5 if I could.Overall the design is great. The "see where you are cutting" idea is ideal for the project I'm working on.The downside is the cutting dies aren't exactly perfect to each other. When you squeeze it closed without anything it you can see small gaps and nicks in the outside circle. When you cut something out you see rough edges where these are.In the big picture this isn't a big deal, but like I said it's disappointing coming from a company who specializes in cutting devices.
This cuts so sharp and accurately!!! A++++ I love this thing, there is nothing bad I can say about this tool.
I recently purchased this machine through Amazon, and it was defective - the feeder teeth that move the fabric through the machine did not work/move at all. I called Simplicity's 1-800 customer help number at least 10 times; a machine answered every time. I left three messages and NEVER received a call back in two weeks. No other number is listed for the company. I finally returned the sewing machine through Amazon. (And I can't say enough about how great Amazon is about returns when something is wrong with the product - much appreciated!) I then bought another sewing machine but it is NOT a Simplicity - why buy from a company that won't even return your calls? I got a Brother instead ... so far, so good.
This machine is a nightmare. I have been sewing for 25 years or more. I have had experience on more than my fair share of machines. I hate this one. HATE it. I have used Brother, Janone, White, Kenmore and Singer. I have never ever had the trouble I have had with this machine. I have owned it for 5 years. It has never worked right. The embroidery is awful, I finally gave up. In 5 years I have had it to the shop 12 times. TWELVE. The bobbin case breaks constantly. It makes a horrible noise, the tension is never right, the stitches are beautiful, when they work. I JUST got it back from the shop having it fixed (a different shop in a different state so I know it's the machine not the mechanic) and what do you know? I have had it 10 hours, sewed two seams, it is back to making the same horrible noise and the bobbin case broke. I have HAD it. I have read similar reviews on other Singers and that's that. I am ordering a different brand as soon as I finish this review. I am SO disappointed. This was a BIG investment for me and I was so excited and it has caused nothing but anxiety for me. Do yourself a favor and skip this machine. Skip this BRAND.Seriously, my 11 year old daughter's "Sewing Pretty with Hello Kitty" Janone sewing machine is MUCH more durable and reliable than this Singer.
I bought this table 3 years ago for my then 2yr.old grandson. Add 3 yrs. + 2 more children...and the table is still sturdy. The chairs have also withstood much use (and abuse?). RECOMMEND. !
instructions tell you to adhere it to your mat paper first. it still slips off the edge of the photo from time to time. with today's cutters, it's faster to measure your rectangular/square photos, add double the mat edging you want and cut to size. this product is best suited for oddly shaped or sized photos. so, it definitely has a use, but it's utility depends on your needs.
I definately thought this would be a great beginner sewing machine- and it is per say, but after using it for about two months, I broke the needle, had to replace it and found that it totally wasn't working anymore. It won't sew a thing now- and I'm really annoyed!! I bought this machine regardless of the fact that it had gotten some bad reviews, and now I totally regret it. I was using it to sew jersey material and such and it bunched up the fabric, came unthreaded constantly, and refused to sew more then two layers of any fabric whatsoever. I didn't expect it to be great, so I guess I can't complain too much- I just wish I could get my $30 bucks back. It's definately great if you're a beginner, and you're just hemming things, but there's no way it could seriously handle more than that. No way at all- trust the reviews, this many people can't be wrong.
I absolutely did not like this product. I did give it two stars for the benefit of a doubt... But I had absolutely no luck. I mixed per the instructions (which weren't very good), and it set before I got it mixed (and I was using a jiffy mixer even). I've used alginate powders in the past and never had a problem before. This was just terrible.
If you're an American Size 4, order this dress form in Size 10-16 as indicated by its description and on the box itself. Had to return this item twice because the dress form was no where near a size 10 even with all the dials completely maxed out. I'd say it about a size 8 at best. I did give it at least two stars because the quality of the product itself (aside from sizing) is pretty good. Nice upholstered body form which takes pinning very well. Too bad the sizes don't match up.
I keep my "paper problem" under control by using binders, so a paper punch is essential to me. This one works well.
I ran out of 2 colors and called the company. They said they would send more 3 weeks ago and I am still waiting.
Purchased this punch in March. Great initially. Now one of the holes doesn'tpunch all the way through and it's necessary to remove the punches from insideall three holes. I feel it should be funtioning well after eight months, sonow I wouldn't recommend it if you do a lot of punching.
But...I sew ALOT. I get very frustrated when a needle bends or breaks. And I seem to be going through alot of needles. I keep my machines clean and oiled. This one seems to be for light things and for pretty things. But if you are going to do a good bit of heavy sewing I do not recommend this machine. But for light sewing, use of the embroidery stitches(the best feature for the price)or occasional mending I love it.
It onoy took about 10 days to get the custom brand. I did have some problem with curling of the brand but was able to rock it back and forth to get an accetable image.
There's only one complaint about this easel. The wooden sections that hold the tablets are only about 5 inches apart. Other than that, it's portable, beautiful, sturdy, and an addition to my living room while being handy for drawing.
Ok. I know my way around a needle. So good, that on occasion, the callous on my finger will actually split, and allow a the tip of some of the smaller needles to actually penetrate my skin, causing pain and untold cursing. Some years ago, I discovered these and found that just a single dot could cover my bruised and bleeding finger, to allow me to continue to work. I have tried their "adhesive thimble" but the shape and thickness caused the adhesive to give out and it would lift and peel off of my finger. These worked better by far.But, I think they have changed the materials. Now, these will also quickly peel away from curvature of my finger. I went through one. Two. Three. Four. ***Five adhesive dots*** in one afternoon of sewing. I finally got so desperate that I covered the dot with a bandaid to keep it on my finger.Do they work? Well, kind of. Just buy some bandaids along with them.
I bought this set knowing that the stamp pads came dry per other reviews, so I wasn't too surprised when mine was dry too. I bought other stamp pads to go with it but I'm still disappointed that a big company like M&D; can't somehow keep their stamp pads wet.The stamps themselves are nice. They're solid wood and rubber so durable. The pictures stamp pretty well.I found the 'storage box' to be a waste of time since there is no lid. We ended up just storing all of ours in a shoe box.Overall worth the $10... If I had paid any more than that I probably would have been a little more upset.
Used the machine 2 times, on the second time, the bobbin thread will not go through the needle. Called the distributor (thought was manufacturer) No help. CS agent told me the wrong needle was used. How does she know? Was sewing satin material. Simplicity is outside of the country. The distributor in US no longer works with Simplicity. The bottom line is I have to send the machine in (my dime) if they find out that there is a malfunction; I still have to pay $69 for service. And why I asked? Because POLICY states that the machine has to be serviced 1 time per year. Even though I have used the machine only 2 times. Unreal. I would recommend purchasing another brand name from Amazon.com. If I were Amazon, I would not use this distributor. Their customer service does not meet the Amazon.com standards.
Never bleeds, tip doesnt get mushy and so far, hasnt dried out, even if I dont use it every day
I bought this case as a cover for my machine a few years ago, and it was great for storing my machine when I wasn't using it very much. In the past 6 months I've started taking classes, and taking my machine with me, in this case. The handle is the MOST uncomfortable design. It's astonishing... I created my own "padding" handle so I can carry it further than a couple feet without pain in my fingers. My machine is not very heavy, it's just an awful design.It gets two stars instead of one simply because if you plan on putting your machine away, and never carrying it further than a couple feet, then it's probably an alright case.
Was very excited to open the box today when it arrived. The color is great; however, I was immediately disappointed that a $47 organizer would have such thin, cheap shelves. Ultimately, I had to return it, because the joints were not totally secure or aligned. The light interior of wood looked awful when exposed due to the poor carpentry.
The color is a really a washed-out black/ dark gray. You get what you paid for. Spend more if you need black paper.
i used one packet for one 100% cotton t-shirt and followed the instructions. it died my finger black after 2 minutes exposure (hole in glove) but it barely made 5% difference to a cotton tee after an hour's exposure. my shirt is still grey. proof even more how weak it is, the white labels are still white. and now my tee smells like dye. maybe if i spent $100 on 20 packets for one t-shirt it would have worked how i wanted it to.
This is a good product, but not good for med-thick leather applications. Quality product though. Pretty clear instructions. Not much else to say.
Just love these scissors. They were recommended by a well known Australian quiltmaker as an essential tool for cutting fine shapes. I couldnt find them anywhere in Australia and apparently they are not available here anymore so I bought them through Amazon along with Fiskar Rotary Cutter blades which are the best I have ever used too.
I turned blue in the face trying to punch out one flower! Lining it up on a small area is difficult too (I cut a few bookmarks with my Cricut and wanted to try a simple flower on top of each). I even tried to use it on flimsy paper, but failed. I never used punches before, but this will be my first and last one from this company. If I can, I'll return it to Michael's for a refund. I should have taken a hint from the many previously opened and taped up Punches they had hanging on the wall.If I had a 250-pound tackle from the NFL to press this thing for me, then I'd have it made! However, my measly efforts resulted in only frustration and a sore hand.I admire the one reviewer who said he was able to use it!
These stamps are great. Stamps are a great art projects for kids to do since it's not as messy as paint or other projects. These stamps are excellent quality. I love that it even comes with some colored pencils to enhance the stamp. Kids will love to put stamps on envelopes, homework, and whatever else you can think of.
The 3 hole punch with the larger holes is just what we needed in our busy office, good quality and function.
I needed these scissors not for embroidery but for HO-scale fine modeling work. They are exactly what I wanted, except that because my thumb is a lot bigger than those of most ladies using the scissors for embroidery, to have any control I have to jam it into the loop so hard that it quickly becomes rather painful. The only solution I can think of is to cut the loop at the back and spread it open far enough to accommodate my thumb. It would be nice to have scissors like this available that are better suited for men.
Followed instructions and the very next day the patches were off on the corners and peeled off very easily when I pulled on them. My son did not even wear the jeans after I ironed the patches on, they just came off. I don't know if these patches work for anything else, but most certainly are not made for use on denim. It's deceiving because they are denim color so you assume you can use them for jeans, but what a waste of time.
This item was listed as a 6 pack, and I have only received one canvas. Will the other 5 be shipping soon? Why is there no record of this? This is VERY disappointing - i certainly hope I didn't pay over $40 for one canvas.
If you want small black pins then ok buy this..very small tho just FYI...ok for that use only
This machine has worked great for all projects I have undertaken. It's a whiz at hemming anything, including denim. Projects from scratch are quick and easy sewing jobs. I chose 4 stars because the machine does not come with a case, which I think should be included with any machine. The machine itself is great!
Ok, yeah it isn't as clear as you would think. But I feel the bigger problem it smears by the touch of a finger. I waited the next day for it to be dry; still smears! I am trying to figure out a way to seal it from smearing by mode podge or acrylic clear spray paint might help.
I thought that I would embroider the whole picture. But it turned out, that only some flowers and the bird are left for embroidery, there is nothing to do with the rest of the picture
Because of the usability and price, this product is ok despite one odd thing about it. The sliding steel arm is set to measure in the wrong direction. It's almost like the original picture (but they've since changed the photo) except the numbers are on the other side and facing in the other direction. The arm that I got was meant to be inserted on the other side. Even the tilt of the upper arm runs in the opposite direction. I've showed others and nobody has seen anything like it before. But it doesn't mean anything. The functionality is not changed at all. I wonder if this oddity is what resulted in this item being cheaper.
I purchased four of these soaps but only one was shipped in the box, even through it clearly states four for the shipped quantity on the package slip. I called the customer service number on the package slip and they said they couldn't help me (couldn't find my order even though I had a packaging number, account number, AND order number!), and gave me a "different" number for assistance which was the SAME number as the one on the package slip!! So, I'm working through Amazon to get some resolution, but BEWARE!UPDATE: Working through Amazon, I was able to get the other three bars of soap. They came within a week of the first bar. The soap itself smells great and I certainly recommend that...maybe just not from this seller.
i guess you get what you pay for. However, I expected this dress form to be of a better quality than it is. It's very flimsy, flopping all over the place. Anything can make it tip over. Feels like it is made of paper, with no foundation weighing it down. I would not recommend this to anyone, at least anyone who is looking for an alternative to the more expensive dress forms. This can just be used for light projects, until you are able to acquire a better quality dress form used by professionals.
I bought this machine in 2009 for my wife for Christmas. No matter what she does, it always breaks the thread. I am so disappointed. Why couldn't she have had a good experience with this machine.
These are optimal sized for small projects (probably arguable) and what's most important easily closed-and-sealed bags. I'd certainly recommend for having at hand.
I've had a Sears Kenmore machine since 1974 that still works, but I lost most of the attachments during my last move. I was really looking forward to having a new machine, especially one with a quilting foot. The quality of this machine is poor. I was afraid that the bobbin winder was going to break when I adjusted it. It did not handle heavier fabrics well, especially since there is not an adjustment for the pressure foot to go over multiple seams. I was also disappointed that when using the foot peddle, I also had to keep adjusting the speed with the push buttons. I guess you can't teach an old sewing dog new tricks. I've been sewing for over 50 years, and used to be an industrial seamstress. Give me a machine that is made well and that I can control with the foot pedal. I sent this machine back within my 30 day Amazon return window. Now, I've ordered a Janome 500 Sewist machine. I hope that I'm happier with my new purchase.
Love it! Even the threading was not too complicated! Still have a lot to learn on it so deciding whether to take a class or read a book.
We purchased the sewing machine for our 11 year old granddaughter who had it on her wish list for Christmas. When visiting her in Buffalo, it only took a short time before she was sewing on her own. She was able to create gifts for her family.(pillows, make-up purse)without any problem. Threading the machine and bobbin was made quite easy by good instructions. I would highly recommend this machine for many sewing projects and for any age level.
This polish was as I expected it to be and would recommend it to anyone. It was easy and fast. Did a great job.
you say the item is "heavyweight" but you can see through it. you say it has a smooth side and a textured side, there is no difference with the two sides. paper is too thin for watercolor which is what i wanted it for. very disappointed. if i could get my money back on it i would.
Note that picture for this item is wrong, therefore you get different product. I specifically needed the one that's on the picture which is "photo safe", however I got "for paper only". If you don't have specific needs, this glue is a way to go.
Got this gun in January. By March, the trigger was broken. The company was no help. I asked to order another...they took the credit card and no gun. I ordered in June after exhausting local suppliers. In August, I called Coldheat. The gun was backordered. It is October...I just called...no help...still don't know when they will get the gun to me. I'm hoping that the credit card info remains secure. I was "gun ho" (sorry) about the product until the company's lack of information made me uneasy. They still advertising on their site, with no product nor product in sight!
In the picture you can clearly see two sets of blades, don't make the same mistake I did, it is only one set, nothing out of this world.
This kit would be fantastic for a casual adventure in flame working - in other words, for someone not looking to seriously invest in the craft. I intend to seriously invest in the craft and bought the kit at the recommendation of a friend. However, you don't get much bang for the buck - shabby, dirty and downright cheap tools, plus glass of questionable quality.The torch head that came with the kit has already begun to show damage, at no fault of my own. I have only put in about ten hours of work, at the settings specified by the directions on the box. The fireproof work station is a joke; it's merely a thin layer of fire-resistant material with a cheap cardboard backing. On a positive note, the bead release seems to be alright, and almost all the instances in which I have lost a bead on the mandrel have been the result of my mistakes.The few glass rods that came with the kit were dirty and several of them had small cracks in them at the time of arrival. Not to mention, little consideration seemed to be given to the skill level of the buyer when the rods were chosen. I received only one stick of black and white, and had several sticks of clear, plus strange hybrid colors which one would not expect to see in a beginner's pack of glass.Diamond Tech, not the company I purchased the product from, is to be given a poor review for this product. There is something positive to be said: this product is great for a very brief, curious experiment in glass. For more serious interests, it would be wiser to buy the components individually or as a kit from another website:A hothead torch, which like the Diamond Tech self-igniting torch can be used with MAPP gas, costs between thirty five to forty dollars new. You can also buy adapters to fit bulk propane tanks and save lots of cash.Glass rods can be purchased from many sites for very reasonable prices, by the stick or in bulk. Howaco Glass, for instance, sells many rods at 50 cents and up.I have already used up several rods from my kit, so I'll assume there were about ten rods included - five dollars at the cheapest, more for elaborate colors.The other components are rather cheap and easy to find. The most difficult thing to find would be a cheap marver, although the marvers provided are little more than shaped hunks of aluminum. (I use the flat side, anyway.) More expensive equivalents of the items provided would last longer, as well - I am already looking to replace the torch, and I have the feeling the work station will be the next to go.This kit is not all bad! But if you're really looking to get into bead making, invest in more permanent, quality supplies.
You guys, believe me, just go to the store and get a eraser.this eraser is so EXPENSIVE compared to the one in the offline, so why do you want to buy this online? it's easier to get on offline- faster and cheaper.I regret buying this product not only b/c it costed much but also they sent me one that MELTED.
I wanted to like these scissors for my preschooler, I really did. It seemed like such a great idea. Our pair was challenging to push together, and the blades stuck near the end. Also, the cutting edge does not reach all the way to the tip, and there's a raised edge around the outside of the scissors which makes it incredibly difficult to see the line, if you're trying to cut one. They are okay for chopping up confetti and random cutting, but no use whatsoever if you're really trying to cut something out - I have an extremely challenging time doing that myself with these (or had, anyway - we ended up throwing these out). A few months of practice and some great cutting books made regular kid scissors a much nicer investment for my daughter. At 3 1/2, she can now cut anything she wants to.
There is no way to slow down the speed at all! It goes full speed or no speed and bunches up the fabric horribly. I had planned on sewing on paper first but it was just way fast. I returned it. Don't buy it.
It is frustrating at $2-$4 a sheet to have the paper not cleanly come off the fabric. I followed the instructions and let the ink dry and then soaked it in cool water in hopes of softening the paper shreds left on the back of the fabric. It did soften it but then the ink ran!
This collection offers a good variety of extender lengths. I use them constantly. The mechanical parts work easily and smoothly.
This little - big sharpener really does work. It will really sharpen a pair of scissors. We used it on a pair of scissors that someone had tried to sharpen with out the proper tools and almost ruined. While it would not return them to perfect condition it did return them to useful service as utility scissors.As with the little orange sharpeners, if you have scissors that are just starting to lose their edge, this thing will return them to running shape with only a few strokes. I also like this for people who have a hard time holding onto the little orange sharpeners.
so apparently you need some type of additional solution for this dye to take. I am not sure what is missing? I followed the instructions but I put a white t-shirt in the water and I came out a pale washed out lime green?
These work great. I wanted something to drill holes in my beads and these are perfect. 20 different sizes to choose from. There should be one that will work for all your different projects.
I've had my Buttoneer for quite some time and I'm fairly satisfied with it. It's a wonderful timesaver, and great for those with physical limitations that make it difficult to work a needle and thread.As with any product that uses a 'one size fits all' approach, there are drawbacks. The Buttoneer struggles with tough fabrics like canvas or cotton duck (similar to what Carhart uses with their men's work clothes) or really thick fabrics like flannel. And as other posters have pointed out, the needles are way too big for small buttons. Reading directions, and following them, pays big benefits, especially with this device. The fasteners come on u-shaped sprues, or 'trees' that look like a plastic paperclip. The legs have to be fed into the channels on the Buttoneer correctly for it to work. Secondly, the first clip on the sprue has to be snapped into place. You'll know when you hear an audible click. You then repeat the process for the second clip, or fastener. The most important thing I've found is to make absolutely certain the needles go all the way through the button and the fabric before pushing the trigger to secure the fastener. Read the instructions...I promise you you'll have more success than failure.I've only had one article of clothing that had the button come off after using the Buttoneer. Considering the dozen or so pants and shirts I've rescued with the Buttoneer, that's not a bad average. But yeah, there's room for improvement in this product.
I was generously sent two of these food movers when I ordered one. However, the catch on one I found too difficult to open. The second unit had a working catch, but the windows to put down after having eaten a particular food portion were so loose that they would not stay in the up position. Thus, I could never tell how many portions I had already fulfilled for the day because every time I opened it, I never knew where the windows would be!!! I guess I'll have to food journal after all!!!
I paid $5 for them to ship me a 5x7 inch envelope. I find that a bit high.
I selected this cute cross stitch as a present for my Mom's birthday. It is small enough that it was fun to do and it is very special. The crafted work fits with the frame perfectly, nothing is off. Making the outlines on the hummingbird for me took the most care, as it really completes the picture. I used included pattern as a guide, but made my adjustments to make the outline more smooth. I also filled in some white spaces between the outline and the bird with the thread of that color, and that helped to smooth out the edges. There is plenty of thread! A few clips holding the frame together didn't snap into the groves tightly, but pressing on them solved the problem. In the end, they held everything together very well. Overall, a high quality project. My Mom loved her present!
This leather punch works very easily as long as I use a piece of leather behind the piece that I am trying to punch a hole in. It doesn't take any strength at all to punch thru my leather belt.
This was my first rock tumble and its worth the price. I threw mine away after 3 rock groups due to bad leaking. The major down side to this product is that you can't find same company refills through the internet. I do recommend using a different tumblers polish though. The polish that comes with the set takes a long time and doesnt work as well as other polish powders. It held up well for a cheap plastic tumbler, I might buy another but use different polish.
The Helping hands is a pretty awesome tool. I saw this thing on an online video and thought they looked cool and would help with my painting projects and purchased it from amazon, its even cooler in person. My only issue is that I wish it had extra clamps, but I guess I can purchase the claps seperately.
This punch was not of the quality of the one I use at work. It does not do through the things I need to punch like the other one I use. It works great for paper but not the tyvek paper I need to punch.
I needed this because was making a blanket and stores decided to discontinue selling the color. was fast and matched exactly what i was using before so was able to finish blanket
Hard to drive through a leather belt, though, and left a bit of a raggedy hole.
I have had this easel for almost six years and after awhile when adjusting the height the tray would not hold and my painting crashed to the ground. I often work on two or three paintings at a time and each is a different height so I am constantly readjusting the easel to accommodate the canvas. I was lucky in that my husband adjusted the back metal stress plate (that the knob screwed into) each time and that held for several months.But now the screw is stripped in the adjustment knob and my husband had to gerry rig a new knob for me.This easel was perfect in every way for me, not too big for my 8' ceiling, easy to move about and light weight.However without an easy system for adjusting height it is almost useless...I have learned to only buy easels with a ratchet system for adjustment from now on.
I usually like OXO products but this one is terrible. They are awkward, not sharp, and the spring mechanism doesn't work most times. After you make one cut you have to use both hands to pull the blades apart. Useless for cutting up chicken.
Junk - Package was stapled shut when I recieved it. Blue case hinge was broken and the latch looked like it had been chewed on by a small dog. Wouldnt close at all leaving blades exposed. Blades are not secure in the handles, they shift if any pressure is applied. If you plan to use these on the regular; save yourself the headache and spend $20.00 on the brand name set.
IN THE PRODUCT DESCRIPTION YOU CAN READ THAN THE CRAYONS ARE MADE IN MEXICO, BUT WHEN I RECIVIED THEM YOU CAN READ MADE IN MEXICO. ACTUALLY THEY ARE PRETTY SOFT LIKE I SPECTED BUT THEY ARE NOT AS DESCRIBED.
Nice compact easel for those without a lot of space. Expansion is surprisingly large. Convenient storage for supplies.
Loew Cornell make solid brushes. Im using this with oil paint. Do be aware that the picture shown is for size comparison. I mistakenly thought you get a set of brushes. Doesnt demean how great of a brush it is though. Very tiny for fine details.
The product was shipped from Amazon with free shipping. Very fast fulfillment. Product works beautifully. I only wish Michaels Arts and Crafts would carry all the available colors so I could use Michaels 40-50% coupons to buy them at the local Michaels stores.
I had ordered this based on a few reviews i saw, but when I used it to dye a sweater I've had for 10 years it did not work. Bought another brand of dye and it worked great on the same sweater. And i followed the directions to a t. So i do not recommend this product.
I was excited to be scrapbooking again, so I immediately added some square refill pages to my order. The image looked exactly like what I'd used before, but I didn't pay a ton of attention and actually needed the 12 by 12 inch refills. Imagine my surprise when I got tiny things in the mail! No idea what I'm going to do with them; I had no idea they even made scrapbooks like that.Basically, read very carefully before you order. Other than that, looks like a good product.
Love my new machine! Drop in Bobbin is awesome! Even stitching, great tension control. Decorative stitching very very easy to use! Great machine. Biggest complaint is it is so light weight that when quilting the machine moves around really easy, even tilts.
These are my &#34;go to&#34; pens for drawing and painting! I love them because of their permanent black ink, their beautiful variety in nib sizes and their long lives. Whenever I think I might be running low on ink, I'm here on Amazon reordering so I don't suffer pen withdrawal. These pens are made for more than just doodling. They are often the backbone of my art. Thanks so much!
Good size and helps ruler stay put, but isn't really self healing, which, to me, is kind of a problem. And I just saw a comparably sized mat at walmart for under $30. Not thrilled about that.
These are not good for a child who has never used scissors before. They start out open and cannot be used any other way. The child has to learn to close the scissors, but cannot learn to open them. I am an adult, but I had trouble using them.
The 1" square punch actually creates a square that fits inside a 1.5" diameter circle. This means the square is more like 1.06066017 inches. (Diameter of the circle is 1.5 inches. If you put a square in the circle, the diagonal line across the square is 1.5", creating a triangle with a 1.5" hypotenuse and unknown size of each side. A squared plus B squared = C squared. if A=B, you get 2A^2=1.5^2. It's easy to solve from there...)It doesn't matter a lot, except if you are creating squares that you want to fit into a larger project - like cover a certain size surface. As you put square next to square, the difference adds up surprisingly quickly!
I thought I Was getting a deal with this price but it was actually me spendij g more for such little beads. Crafts store was cheaper. Wish I could return but its such a hassle.
I want you to notice you that the pencils are made in Mexico. There is no extra bonus in the tin box. I never use the pencils made in USA, so I have no idea whether their quality has gone down. The things I am sure that the product is not made in USA. Amazon doesn't sell things exactly the same as its website said!! I feel really bad about it!
Pretty basic watercolor paper. If you're serious about watercoloring you might want to go thicker. It will buckle and wrinkle a little under a couple layers of watercolor. Also, this pad isn't perforated and it's spiral bound so you have to precisely measure and cut off the rough edges where it's bound for the painting to be exactly 18x24. You'll want to grab a pair of scissors to remove a sheet because it's very difficult to tear out paper this thick.
I bought these for my husband and when he was looking at them he realized that they didn't lock. that you can easily undo them without a key even if they were on tight.
I bought this to put a collage of all of my wedding events into one place. I had never done anything like this so I was nervous. Well when I got it I was supprised by they effecientness of the book, and how easy it was to use. It is definately a great book for beginners and above.
This item is also available as two black or two brown, or this list for one of each.The watch fob is crudely made. The leather is too thick and stiff to function properly as a watch fob.Seems to me that it is created and marketed by people who have never used it.
I got this to complete a scrap book so I was using the dots to hold a variety of items. Half the time the dot's don't dispense and I have to pull them off the strip with my fingernails. The dots are very strong so that is great. I just wish the dispenser worked better.
The split key rings were the perfect size to attach the new conference room keys to our carabineer clips. These are the slightly smaller rings.
The gold testing kit review: It is difficult to use. It is not what I expected but will keep working with it til I hopefully figure it out.
These scissors have a battery compartment that's very hard to secure. They barely cut through paper and they eat batteries for dinner. They are a cheap inferior product and are not worth the money or the batteries. It states on package as seen on TV. I guess they still sell garbage on TV and sometimes even on Amazon. I think I will return this junk back to Amazon for a refund. Avoid this crummy product. Buyer beware.
Once the table is put together its too cute, seems very sturdy and is nice quality. The only issue was putting the table together. The sticks you use to hold the baskets were soooooo hard to screw into both sides of the table. The holes were so tight trying to get the screws in that you had to use serious muscle...and breaks in between...to get it done. If that could be made easier then the table can be put together in no time. I'm still glad I got it.
While I appreciate the variety for the price, the thread is wound on little cardboard rolls. It just feels cheap. I hope the thread stands up to wear and tear. But this is a good example of getting what I paid for, and since I couldn't find what I really wanted available anywhere for a reasonable price, then I am satisfied with my purchase.
Very lightweight; doesn't feel like a quality product. I have the Gingher pocket scissors & love them, so would rather pay the extra money for another pair of those. I lhave lots of Gingher scissors, & I love that I can send them to the factory for sharpening & readjustment when necessary. I have dropped scissors a couple of times & I would rather be able to get them readjusted than to have to buy another pair.
My daughter gave me the first pack 2 years ago. It never dries up,does not damage wood and my grand kids like playing with. I ordered 2 more packs as Christmas gifts. I never worry about the kids knocking anything over.
Well, these are not recycled designs, and the needles are larger than normal for her. But this is not a book for beginners. There are problems with clarity of instruction. And again, she's over promoting her own brand of yarn which is expensive and short on yardage.
Reading these reviews, there seems to be a split between people who had the old buttoneer and those with the new. Sounds like the old one was great. New one, garbage. I ordered one, read the directions VERY carefully, tried putting several buttons on thin and thick fabric. Did not work at all. Very disappointing as I have a project with a lot of fastening required. Guess I'll have to suck it up and pull out the sewing needle.
I purchase this in 2007 directly from Amazon. It cost $4 back then. It came within a week with free super saving shipping (which is basically standard shipping). The stickers are made of high quality material. It is bigger than it looks in the picture, which I was very pleased with. I used my stickers for a scrapbook page. The stickers are also amazingly detailed, which I was very happy about.These are dimensional stickers, which means that they have texture to them and you can actually feel them, just like embellishments - these aren't printed stickers on a sticker sheet (which is why they cost more).I only gave it three stars because it is very pricey. I buy lots of Jolee stickers (they are the best in their industry), and they have other stickers that cost the same amount that is a lot nicer than this - which is basically a small thanksgiving wreath and nothing else. I was kind of disappointed with this one.
Ordered just before Christmas, but did not use until Feb to convert a pair of pants to shorts. No problems, was impressed with the needle threading option and being able to sew without a pedal.In April I decided to make a small 42x42 chenille quilt which uses a thickness of 1 cotton and 3 layers of flannel fabric. I finished about 1/8 of the project and the machine started making a clunking noise. I called Brother and they listened to the noise over the phone. They advised to keep using it and that 'sewing machines make noise' I advised it sounded like the gears were missing but I took their advice, the machine quit completely shortly after. Brothers advice then was to go to the nearest repair center which was about an hour away. I was not able to achieve this until Jul 7. Two weeks later I rec'd a call they had ordered parts and it would take 2 weeks. The beginning of Aug I rec'd another call a part was on back order, it would take another few weeks but they would call me. Sept 16 I was going to be in the area so I called them and miraculously it was ready and 'they were just about to call' From their work order it shows the machine was ready on the 8th, 2 months total in the shop. 2 weeks later I had an opportunity to work on my project. I sewed only 2 seams and the machine failed again. This was after they had replaced the motor, shaft and timing belt. The repair center refused to accept the machine, stating they had lost money and they felt the machine un-repairable. They called Brother who advised them to tell me to call for an RA to have the machine replaced. I called and they authorized a 'repair authorization' and I had to pay the shipping to return the un-fixable machine. The also said they would be repairing the machine not replacing as that is their policy. They did advise the turnaround time once in their hands was 8-10 days depending on the repair of course. So long story short, I think UPS dropped the machine or it is just a lemon and I wasted a lot of time and a bit of money for not much sewing. I had to call Brother as the RA did not arrive in my mailbox as they mis-typed my email. Long story short if the machine worked longer than an hour it would be a great machine with excellent accessories. Brother is not a responsive company and I have now ordered a Juki.. hopefully the Japanese have a more solid product.
If you are looking for an affordable sewing machine that does alot this is the one! I recieved mine 3 days ago and have been sewing non stop... because it's so fun with this machine. I love the needle threader and the fact that it comes with so many different feet and accessories. The only thing is I wish the pedal cord was a little longer but you don't even need it with this if you don't want to use it. It has a start stop button. After using this I wish I had bought the 100 stitch machine!! Super light weight as compared to my old singer. Overall a great buy!!
bought this for my mother-n-law. thought it was going to be bigger than it was. took my only 3 days to finish it. would recomend for someone who is learning to cross stitch but wouldn't suggest for someone looking for a challenge.
it smells. bad. it's probably the packaging or the new plastic and rubber. either way, the smell got so bad it was nauseating and spread through the entire room, and it wouldn't go away for at least two weeks, even after scrubbing it twice and constantly using room refresher.other than that, the size is perfect for architectural model class' projects, and its self healing remains the best.I'd still recommend this product, but bear with the smell for a while.
It's glitter. But is it glue? I assumed that being by Elmer's that these would serve as glue pens too, but they are pretty much just glitter gel for decorating. They don't seem to adhere two things together.It says that the designs POP up when dry. They don't, it just depends on your original thickness. If you use a lot, it's going to stick up. The colors are great and true when dried.The output on these squeezable pens is a bit much, hard to control, especially for a little kid to use. Alternatively, I put some on a paint palette and that worked better to use them in gobs with paintbrushes. BTW, old makeup brushes (especially blush and foundation brushes) work great for toddler/little kid painting, better than cheap kid paintbrushes.(If these had a brush tip they'd be much better!)
At first I thought that these were just some novelty items because of the color. However I am currently using the "G" hook to do a project with a book I brought from Amazon:Positively Crochet!as a matter of fact, I bought the yarn here too!! Beadnik-Black Beret I am happy to say that the project is going well, the needles are sturdy and they feel good in my hand. I have a tendency to make my stitches tight ( I guess because I am a begginer), but the needle fits easily through my stiches. The colors are vibrant, so if you are trying to get a small child interested in crochet, this might be a good choice. One tiny drawback is that the needle size printed on the needle itself is hard to see. The needles are see through plastic and combined with the colors make reading the etching on the side difficult. The sizes are on the outside of the pouch though.
These screwdrivers aren't fancy at all, but they do the trick. They aren't magnetic, which is very good. They come in two cheap little plastic cases, kinda like those pocket protectors for pens, and they have extra tips included. If you're a professional watchmaker, you'll probably already have some Bergeon screwdrivers, and these will seem incredibly inferior. But if you just like to tinker these are fine. And they are dirt cheap!
This looked like a good project for my children, who have learned to tie things. But upon further examination, and trying it myself, I have to conclude that this is not a good project at all. The fringe is way too short for a child to manipulate into a knot - in fact, it is difficult for me! If this quilt is to be finished, it will be me doing it, because the tying will be too hard for them and they will lose interest very quickly. And I am quickly losing interest as well because it is so difficult. If the fringe were twice as long it would be much better, but the squares would then have to be larger also.
This was my first sewing machine purchase. I use it mostly for resizing clothing and making my own clothes. You have to read the instruction manual very carefully. It took me a while to figure out how to wind and install the bobbin correctly. It's very important that you do that. When I installed the bobbin incorrectly, I kept getting bunched up threads in my sewing and it stopped my machine.The automatic threader is very convenient. It works great. Sometimes, the thread tends to snap out of the needle but I suspect that might have to do with the thread tension.This is a good model for a beginner. It's fairly simple to use and it has the good basic stitches. Also has a lot of decorative stitches to choose from if you want to do something decorative. Overall, I'd say my experience with this sewing machine is positive.
This hole punch was advertised as being adjustable...but it takes a screwdriver to adjust it! I was looking for something simpler to operate, so I returned it.
I bought two of these from a local outdoor store, and one fell out of my hunting pack. I hunt 98% of the time on public hunting land, and you better have some type of cover scent or attracting scent. If you have ever had a bottle of estrus doe or doe pee spill in your back back, get on your hands, and even worse the floor board of your truck; I promise you will love the pee-willie wick. The top screws on and off, and it's a glass container which keeps the scent longer. All you have to do is put your favorite scent in the bottle and shack it up to cover the wick. When you go hunting just hang it from a tree, open the top, and un roll the wick.
This item is definitely not for thicker leather hole punch. It won't work well if you try to punch a bigger hold on a medium thick leather. You get what you paid for.
These mats are barely thicker than card stock. They are unusable for matting purposes.
Good luck getting this bed! I ordered it 5 months ago (with availability being 2-4 weeks. Each month I was told it will available "next month." I finally cancelled my order and purchased the Little Tykes one before my frustrated 3 yr. old outgrows a toddler bed.Kidkraft needs to focus more on actually manufacturing their products and less on marketing for orders they are unable to fulfill.
I purchased this tool because I was told that it can punch an Altoid tin. (I'm going to make a DIY headphone amp with the punched tin).When I first took it off the package, it looked very CHEAP. Bad material, flimsy handle rubber.... I'm not a racist, but it's made in China.(Does that mean anything?)Okay, I don't mind about it's appearance. Let's punch the tin......It CANNOT do the job. But the handles are bent, so it cannot be used anymore.After trying to fix it, it was broken into pieces.SO, ABSOLUTELY NOT RECOMMENDED. Broken at the fist use with no hole punched at all....Very disappointed
This machine worked fine for about 6-8 months but after that it just began to be one problem after another. The thread gets caught in the tensioner and begins to sew microscopic stitches and then quits. Wouldn't recommend.
this cutting system is big, heavy and difficult to use plus you have to use a glass mat
While being an ok magnifier, this is most definatley NOT a 30x magnifier, its much more like 10x, so that being said I cannot give this a good review because the item is not as described.BEWARE, if you are looking for a 30x magnifier this is not for you, however, if a 10x will do than this would be a fine buy.
For the price, I think that it is the best deal on the market. Free super savers shipping is a great incentive.
Thank you very much! Love this jewelry cleaner. It has a pleasant smell and makes my jewelry shine and look great. I will definitely use buy again.
This is a great piced product. Just a hint for little ones...to make this paint washable just mix with a dab of dish soap.
very very good quality serger. Does the job perfectly! I love it. The most useful buy for $200! Exterior feels solid and sturdy. Stitches are perfect!
The tubes of paint are very small, but when I compared it with Walmart package of Starter Paints, price was better!
This stuff is great, I've used it inside several quilts that get use every day and have been washed a few times each. It's thin, sturdy, warm, way heavier and warmer than the thin poly layered crap. I will buy this again.
Don't order this set from "Hobby Tool Supply" because they will sell you a used set and broken box. I don;t want to return because I will have to pay for shipment. I don;t expect the knives are perfect, but at least they could have sent me a new one.
These all-plastic scissors can't cut construction paper. Even while working really slowly and carefully, they rip the paper and the result is unsightly. It didn't handle normal paper that well either. I should have put a few extra dollars and gotten something metallic.
really,all this is is packing tape that I could have gotten at walmart or anywhere for alot cjeaper price!! not a good purchase!
I have used a similar Fiskars model for various household and classroom purposes for years, but after buying this class pack to supply my Montessori classroom I am disappointed. The handles are loosely bonded to the blades so that the tips do not always meet fully. This is frustrating for young scissor apprentices as well as for more experienced users.That said, I have not found a better model at this price. Also, the handles are nearly a perfect size and shape, so I would hesitate to recommend another pair. I would just like to see a better quality build from Fiskars.
This is great yarn. It looks very expensive when knit up. It is also very easy to control versus regular mohair.
The Xacto X5282 set is a must for your tool collection. The product comes in a small wooden box with the knife set and attachments.
The 8" Mundial scissors are good quality ... the smaller scissors that I received, though well made, didn't cut "worth a flip." I gave the set away as a gift (best pair of scissors they ever owned) and went back to Amazon and looked for a different scissors for cutting fabric. Another reviewer had extolled the Gingher 8" scissors, so I bought just the 8" scissors. I was so impressed I ordered another 5 pairs to give as gifts for Christmas, and ... also the Gingher gold handled set was listed for $31+ with free shipping, so I bought this set for myself, and had another Gingher 8" to give away as a gift.
the black looked faded on one side and it was very light weighted however it arrived in good time and packaged well
I liked the price and all the different stitches. However, I needed a sewing machine that would handle many varied things, such as alterations and heavy sewing. I'm very disappointed in the lightweight quality of this machine. The needle threader never worked and on close inspection my husband found that a tiny hook was missing that was supposed to hold the thread. Also, the food feed stalls, jerks and surges. This machine has beautiful stitches, but is for lightweight sewing only.
I was under the impression that if the slider on a zipper wore out, you were up the creek. Turns out that replacing a slider is easy. With the pieces/instructions in this kit, I fixed the zipper on my favorite hoodie and saved money and waste. Plus, I still have all the sliders left in this kit, in case anything else breaks. The instructions it comes with are very friendly and easy to read. They contain suggestions about how to fix zipper problems that aren't slider related, but really, this kit is just for replacing busted sliders. I'm sure you could buy the parts separately and save a little money, but whatever: replacing the whole zipper or buying a new hoodie would have cost me thirty bucks, so I still came out ahead. The convenience is part of what you're paying for: think of it like buying a kit for replacing buttons. Awesome.
This watch band is very cool looking and make (for the most part) with good quality leather. But the straps are very thin and curl up on hot days. also the middle buckle scrapes the strap causing the the sides of the strap to have ribbed lines. Also i have a thin wrist and have to wear a wristband underneath to stop it from moving. so have that in mind when you buy.Also after you buy this, a different picture is show in your orders list. but don't worry you will get the product shown.
My husband LOVES this dustpan. He was constantly borrowing my beloved Rubbermaid one from the kitchen for outdoor pickups, which was starting to ruin it. After trying a couple of other pans purchased at local home improvement stores without success (he was still borrowing the kitchen pan), I found this on Amazon. It was a winner! It's big but not heavy, sturdy, easy to use, and scoops up a lot of stuff. The red color makes it easy to find. He no longer uses my Rubbermaid. Success!
This is a great tool. I love doing bonnie Hunter quilts and she uses this tool very often. Terrific for triangle cutting.
This is my first sewing macine I have ever purchased. I was very happy with the value for the price and the speed at which it arrived. Way to go Amazon!Upon opening the package, I found that the the main Zig Zag foot was missing. I contacted Brother Customer service via web since no phone number was included. A day later, I recieved an auto email with a phone number and called it. I was immediately transferred into a voice mesaging system with an option to talk to someone now. I selected that and was given a different answering machine...I left a message. This proceeded 3 different times over the course of 2 weeks with no call back. I finally kept calling until someone answered. They said they would get a foot out to me 'today', 3 weeks later and I'm still waiting...I would give this machine 5 stars as it has exceeded my expectations using some alternative feet that came with the machine but had to take off one star for Brother's customer service. It pulls material well once the tension is set appropriately, including my husband's heavy duty double reinforced jeans.
I ordered this machine due to the great reviews and because the layout of the machine was similar to the BabyLock Crafter's Choice that I used in my sewing class. I had some problems with the tension as others have noted but they were fixed when I switched out the crappy thread I was using for some better quality thread. I also ordered metal bobbins as previous reviewers have mentioned. I am new to sewing and so far this machine has been great. It is not complicated to use and the manual is very easy to follow.
I bought an OptiVisor and am very glad I bought one of these lights. I don't know how I would be able to see what I am working on without one of these lights. My main complaint is that the battery back does not snap tightly onto the headband and it constantly slides around. The clips for the cord don't stay in place either.
I normally purchase the 3m brand and they work wonderful. I bought two boxes of the Pioneer brand today at Joanns Fabric and they are horrible. They do not even stick two sheets of computer paper together strongly. Do not recommend the Pioneer Brand :(
This yarn is a great compromise for those of us who prefer wool for it's warmth...but need to use acrylic for its ease of care. This yarn is the perfect choice for me for afghans for children - the wool is necessary for warmth and the acrylic is necessary for the washability. It shows great stitch definition and has nice "heft". There's nothing wimpy about this yarn.One thing though, unless you order only one skein, it's overpriced here at amazon (which surprises me). Even with shipping, it's less expensive to order directly from lionbrand.com, even when it's not on sale. Sorry amazon.
I had great success with knitting hats on ProvoCraft's small round loom and loved the loom knitting process. These long looms, though, have caused me no end of trouble with the pegs breaking off. When I purchased them, each loom had at least one broken peg (some more than one), and I've had to Super Glue 3-4 more pegs back on since then. The last straw was when 2 pegs snapped in the middle of a project this week, forcing me to pull out all the knitting. ProvoCraft really should look into using a less brittle material for these pegs!
tried to cut my circles for my buttons and when I set it for the size it didn't cut on the lines.
I like this, but I would like to see more color variety for the packs. and more basic colors. so far easy to use.
The two skeins of yarn didn't match, and there were knots and unevenness such as loopsin the skein I used.
Because the title says prep protector I thought this was the clear gesso, it's not. Don't be fooled, it's regular white gesso.
I bought four of these stands to hold each of my four new vinyls from the artist Paramore. They are definitely sturdy enough, but they could be improved. They appear to be hand painted, but that's not a good thing all the time. The paint is easily chipped and the hinges are painted over. In addition, the coat of paint is not even everywhere, and on the bottom of the stand there are bumps of dried paint, like frozen drops of water hanging from a fence. These are a pretty good value though, and I would recommend them to anyone on a budget looking for this type of stand.
I bought this serger because I read the reviews from other buyers. However, when I took it out straight from the box and turned it on, the serger light came on but when I pressed the serger foot to serge, nothing happened. I called Brothers customer service and she told me I could get it serviced at one of their locations. It was new and it already needed to be serviced. I don't think so. I just return it and request for a full refund.
I bought this hoping that it would be a cheap vacuum tool for handling small electronic chips for surface mount soldering. Unfortunately suction is lost within a few seconds of grabbing chips so this tool can't work for what I wanted to use it for. As another reviewer mentioned the problem is that the plastic tip covers really don't make a good seal, so suction is temporary at best.
The little 3-year old is learning to cut things out, and these scissors are just right for her. She's proud to have her 'own' scissors, tho I don't let her keep them in her toys, she has to use them when I'm with her.
I'm not sure if the product is sold sealed in stores, but the one I received was not. Either way though the product worked as it should.
They do work, it is nice having some peel and stick paper, but they do not work for my needs.I have a bunch of Rubermaid Bins which I wanted to put lists on the front of them for their contents. These are a great large size and I thought "perfect". I made a hand full of labels and none stick. Not that the paper is not sticky, it sticks awesome to painted metal, cardboard, iffy on wood, and on several plastics. Not the flexible plastic bins though. It sucks I had to use packaging tape to tape them on and should have just used paper. I will say I tried a few methods, I cleaned the plastic really well. I tried to scratch and push the sticker on to the plastic (sometimes the added pressure of finger nails makes it stick) I also tried it on the "rubbermaid" and "sterilite" brand bins, both the colored plastic big ones, and the clear big and small ones. Both the lids and the bins them selves. I think it may be something to do with the bins being rubbery and flexible.They are not a crapy product their adhesive just does not work on plastic bins.
The perfect machine for all sewers. I am an advanced sewer, and already have an embroidery machine, so wanted a machine that would handle everything else. This is the one. The buttonholer is perfect and it sews like a dream. It has just the right amount of computerized decorative stitching. Easy to thread both needle and bobbin and it is so lightweight I can take it anywhere be it room to room or traveling. Couldn't ask for a better machine. I have had many machines during my lifetime and this one far exceeds all others.
This hook is slow and cumbersome. I changed to a regular knitting to lift the stitches over and it worked much better.
Ordered two of these. One worked OK. The other did not. Punch was not alight properly and could not be fixed.
My anxious son wanted to see the final product but it took over 2 weeks to complete. It was way too long for a 6 year old to wait. The final product was beautiful but several steps must be taken to get there.
After much research I finally purchased a serger. The Brother 1034D is everything they say it is. I have been sewing for 46 years and this has put some new joy in sewing for me. The only thing I have found it that it does not sew with smaller eyed needles. Not sure if it is me or the serger. Smaller needles break the thread. I will have to do more research and experimentation to figure this out. But I have made several sets of scrubs with the serger and it worked liked a charm. The video is a much see for threading and I was able to correctly thread it the first time. If you are looking for a serger, this is the one for you. Priced right, quick delivery and a joy to own.
I bought this last year for [...]. I thought the bins would be helpful but they are not. What is means is that there is no room for legs so your child can only sit on the short ends of the table when what my daughter really wants to do is spread out her crayons etc on the long end. If she puts too much weight on the short end of the table, the only place where she can sit becasue the bins are in the way, the table will tip because the rectangle shape sets it off balance. Plus, you can't really fit as much as you might think in small bins angled in this way. In the end we scored a hand-me-down table from a friends which my 3 year-old uses for her art projects and she got a doll house for Xmas this year which now sits on top of this kidkraft table. Kind of a bummer to use a [...] table as a doll house stand when you can pick up a table at Ikea for [...]. This set is attractive but not very practical, especially for the price.
I have worked for professional framing shops and now run a shop out of my basement. I use this glass cutter because it takes up less space and costs less than professional systems. As such, I don't really expect professional quality or results. Which is a good thing, because that is not what you are going to get. For the small number of jobs I do out of my basement, this glass cutter is adequate though. The main reason I am only giving it 3 stars (and had to think about only giving it two) is because of the tiny pin that holds on the wheel. On my logan glass cutter, the pin and wheel fell of in mid cut and disappeared (the pin is very very tiny). I have replacement wheels at the ready, since they go dull and you want to have new ones handy, but the pin is irreplaceable. I was not able to find a replacement pin, and as a result had to buy a whole new glass cutter. So, because I lost a pin (that maybe costs 2 cents to machine) it cost me roughly $24 to replace it. Not the best design in my opinion
I love this thing! I do not own a regular sized sewing machine. It is all I have. I have sewn drapes, hemmed pants, and have made lots of pillows. I haven't found anything wrong with its mechanical capabilities. Like I said, I do not have a regular machine, so I can't really compare. But I am still suprised that the stitches are as tight as they are and my projects have come out beautifully. It was worth every penny for me.
The first one I received has a defective bobbin winder, it only wound the bottom half of the bobbin. When I called Singer directly they suggested I hold the thread up with my fingers...They did replace it but the second one is defective as well.The reverse lever that stalls after reversing causing you to release and then re-apply pressure is a pain. It bunches up any material thicker than simple cottons. The light is worthless. My machine sounds like grinding gears and the delay after releasing foot pedal is very annoying.... Would not recommend this machine at all. I have tried to return for refund but singer does not give any refunds... so beware
I have been using this glue gun for a number of projects over the last year. Works well does not clog that much. Does waste a little glue but still is better than anything else on the market even close to this price.
Crafters seem to be everywhere these days. Reviewer mcHAIKU has become aware of the growing popularity of creating "Artist Trading Cards" and it is obvious that we each have favorite "tools" when crafting these and working on other projects. SOBO Premium Craft&Fabric; GLUE seems to work best for me.SOBO glue is fast-setting on a great variety of porous & semi-porous surfaces, even including feathers but DO NOT USE with anything that requires washing. SOBO dries clear with no yellowing. Other family members appreciate its 'stick-to-it-iveness' - - a quality that is especially important when affixing paper to wood. Your comments are always welcome below . . . but SOBO has the recommendation of this not-exactly-blue-ribbon craftsperson.
I ordered black stands, but they sent cherry-red stands. I emailed LUCCA and they informed me that black was not in stock. They were great about issuing a refund and shipping label, but it was a waste of time for me to wait for this to arrive only to have to send it back.
There is a slight alignment issue where the bars lock together. Some corners are flush, some are mis-aligned by about 1mm. I had to use a sand paper to smooth it out. If you don't have sand paper, a knife will work too, because pine wood is pretty soft.Other than that, the bars are decently sturdy. They are about 1/8 inch thicker than the ones I bought from a local Micheals store (which don't have alignment problem).It's important to put glue into where the bars lock together to prevent shifts. For larger sizes, I also put a few staples into the corners to improve structural rigidity.The size is standard. For example, 24x36 size will fit into a 24x36 frame with some slack, and after stretching a canvas on it, the whole thing will fit snugly into the frame. It protrudes about 1/4 inch to the back of the frame, so you'll need 1/4 inch offset clips to secure it.
Very good Eraser! It looks like standard Eraser, but its works just as good as the large. This one is good because its not to big nor to small. If you work with a lot of pencil sketches, then i Highly recommend this eraser. =)
The etching cream works good. Make sure your stencil is an adhesive one, to make sure you only get the etch cream where it should go. I put masking tape around the stencils, to make sure the cream didn't get anywhere else.The etching is light. I used small stencils, so the etching is sublte. I might stick out more if the stencils were bigger. Made a nice gift. I etched a glass dish with someone's name.
Yup, it's a LOT of soap.Had a great seller experience to boot!It was packed really well in a second bag but the lid wasn't screwed on all the way -- the lid sealer strip was askew.... anyway, so soap did leak...not much...but enough to get into the box a little bit. It was fine.I wrote and asked for a small credit or something and they just sent me another gallon of soap. Mon dieu! Now i've REALLY got a lot of soap. It's actually overwhelming ;)As for the soap itself, it's fine... I've only used it for a few days and I use a number of soaps throughout the house so I can't really attribute much to this one... it's silky when you use it and that feels good, and cleans off easily, so that's good. I think this is a good economical purchase any way you cut it!
This was a fast and easy transaction. The Pencils are fine - but it does seem that if while sharpening them you break a point, it will continue the entire lenght of the pencil.....factory defect?
Needle broke first time I used one .Very easy to thread. Nice idea but not strong enough. Needs to be improved.
This is just a zig-zag foot with an attached 1/4" guide. It does not stitch a line in the fabric. You must use the zig-zag setting on your machine. If you try to use a straight stitch setting, the needle will break when it hits the center metal piece. There is a small bar in the middle of the zig-zag area so you cannot straight stitch. OK value for the price but should not be confused with an overlock stitch.
It is not worth buying this item, the size of this item is about 1'.5", not what like the picture is shown on here. I would tell you to save your money,unless you like small and cute.
I never had a rock tumbler as a child but I always wanted one. When I would browse the Sears catalog (remember those?) this is the one I always saw. When my 4-year old son began to show a huge interest in rocks it only made sense to get a rock tumbler, and it only made sense to get the classic.After reading other reviews I can say the following: Yes, it makes some noise (clearly indicated in the instructions) but that is to be expected, it is no more noisy than the heat pump, water pump, dryer, or washing machine (I chose to place it in the laundry room); yes the rocks packaged with it are run-of-the mill rocks, who cares? I am not doing this to make fine jewelry, it is to foster my sons budding geological interests. Once we use up the stock rocks we will be using rocks found outdoors. Leaking? I have noticed a couple of drops of water here and there, no major setback. We haven't hit the end of the first rock cycle so I cannot speak to the end result, but as long as they are smoother and cleaner than when we put them in my son will be happy.Oh, and to anyone who complains about it taking a long time (~30 days)...that's kinda the point. The same lesson I teach when we plant vegetables in the spring (last spring my son, then 3, would sit beside the vegetable garden for extended periods of time to &#34;watch the vegetables grow.&#34;). I fell it is very important to teach my boys about natural processes and that things worth having are worth waiting for.I recommend this product to anyone.
I bought this paper for a classroom project. The paper color was almost exactly the color that is shown here. I appreciate that the image was an excellent representation of the actual product.
I wanted it specifically to dye a shirt that I got a bleach stain on.When I got the package I read, "Stain, faded areas and bleach marks may not be covered with dye."If I had seen that in its description on your website, I would not have bought it.
This is among the sharpest scissors I've ever used. It is great for precision cutting. But when I cut through a thicker plastic product package, the handle was not so comfortable with all the pressure. I recommend this for light duty paper jobs.
these scissors came with a tape wrapped around the blades. It left the edges of the blades very sticky so that when I tried to cut paper with them, it stuck to the edge of the blade and didn't work right.
If you are punching items "stand alone" these are probably okay, although the spread on the handles is almost too wide for my hand to grasp comfortably. However, for me as a card maker, they are pretty much a loss because the depth is about 1/8" which is no good at all for positioning. I'll figure out a way to make my circle dies from Spellbinders work. If you are looking at being able to position a circle cut on the interior of a page, don't get this.
I was generally pleased with the dress form, however, I feel that the sizing of the dress formwas so far off, I wish there had been a list of measurments to correspond with the size specified, asI ended up with a dress form which seems more for very petite sizes than what I had originally wanted.There must be a big difference in Canadian sizes and the manufacturer's sizes.I now may have to order the larger size dress form in future,if this form cannot expand to certian sizesthat I sew for.
The order arrived quicker than expected and the detailed packing impressed me. Though the colors were repeated and some were short in count and some looked really fake. Over all, good quantity but not quality. Would think twice if I had to buy it next time.
Bought this to organize my paperwork. Won't work with more than two sheets,which was ok with me even though it is more time consuming.Than I went to a local store and found out that I overpaid almost 4 times the amount it cost :(Well.... live and learn.I ended up buying a three hole puncher which works just fine on 5 sheets and cost almost the same.
This is nice for baby blankets. It can split and I do like something with a cotton content a bit better but you do not have to worry about wool allergies with this yarn and the colors are great.
The image is misleading. this is a child's beginning set, suitable for someone between 3 and 9 years old. the brushes are about 1/3 the size of a normal chinese calligraphy brush. But then what would you expect for $12?
Before buying this machine I hadn't sewn since Jr High School (25+ years ago). I was able to get up and running and complete my first project (a dress for my daughter) in a couple of days.... It only took that long because I could only work about an hour a day. I dress turned out decent-- would have probably been better if I had a bit more experience.Anyway... the machine was simple to use and easy to understand and gave me no problem unless i tried to do something stupid (like trying to sew without putting the presser foot down)I like buying above my ability level- this machine is one I can grow into and I like that. I bought my machine at Walmart, they have the CS6000i instead of the CS6000t. As far as I can tell the only difference is that the Walmart version dosen't cost as much (under $200) and came with a few extra accessories.I would buy this again and would recommend it to friends
the 3/4 Flat Wash Brush sheds too much for me to use it. I hate picking hair off of my paper with tweezers. The others brushes are fine, but ~$50 is far too much for four small brushes of average quality for sable.
i sent this paper along with an easel to my daughter. she was absolutely thrilled with this drawing paper. i, myself, have kno idea of the difference in drawing paper. i got lucky!! she was very happy with this quality of paper for her non-stop drawing!!
September 28, 2005, New York, New York:On September 22, 2005, Singer terminated its License Agreement with Tactica International, Inc. Yesterday, Singer filed a lawsuit in federal court in New York seeking, among other things, an injunction barring Tactica from further sales of Singer and Lazer branded products, including the Lazer Storm vacuum. Singer sought this injunction to stop further sales by Tactica because of complaints it is receiving from consumers concerning Tactica. The court today issued a temporary restraining order prohibiting Tactica, effective immediately, from selling or advertising products bearing the Singer or Lazer names or trademarks, including Tactica's Lazer Storm and other products in its Lazer line. The order permits Tactica to continue to make a certain number of limited additional shipments, through October 4, 2005, to customers who have already ordered and paid for their product but have not yet received it. Customers who ordered Lazer Storm vacuums or other products from Tactica may continue to contact Tactica about those products. Tactica's email address is customercare@igia.com and its toll-free customer service number is 800-716-8667 (business hours 9 A.M. to 5 P.M. EDT).Consumer Affairs800-474-6437talktous@singerco.com
The only way I get this to work is by standing on it!!! but the result is great
This machine is cheaply made and not worth the money. I got rid of it after using for only 2 months. I don't recommend.
This looked handy & fun so we thought we'd give it a try.Bad choice.The throat (distance you can punch from the edge of the paper) is only 1/8" -- which complicates positioning since you have to trim one edge within +/- 1/16" before punching -- so much for most of the advantage of positioning face up.The mechanism is also not very sturdy, and jammed trying to do moderately heavy card stock. With some effort and perseverance, we got it unjammed again, but phooey.The Paper Shapers punch we switched to is almost as easy to use punch-side up (though it wasn't made to be used that way), has a 3/4" throat (six times larger), for much, much easier positioning, and is much, much sturdier, going through the same piece of card stock with ease.The squeeze design is a fun gimmick, and we wouldn't discourage you from trying one, but choose a pattern purely for play value and get something else for serious use.
I tried to get some for the grandson's birthday, He was very excited to have them for his Christmas. I'm sure he will enjoy them.
I received only 1 canvas, even though it says it's a pack of 6. The 1 canvas I did get was great and I already painted on it. I had to chat w/ customer service and they advised they would resend me the order 1 day shipping, but then I looked at the delivery estimate and I won't get it until 9/18/12- 10/5/12, which is pointless. I just read all the other reviews and this seems to be a common occurrence.
Ordered this for a Christmas gift but it looks to me like it will be a great gift under the tree!
The set looks nice but that's about it, has a good variety of sizes which is a plus, it will do the job but do not expect clean results. The heads of the punches were not totally round some were totally out of shape. Some punches have really pronounced nicks that will transfer to the metal, the punch block is in the small size but just OK. Need to keep them oiled all the time or they start rusting fast but that is normal. The wood block holds the punches but some holes are too small or big so the punches have the tendancy to fall, I needed to put paper to keep them in place. In my opinion, if you need this for serious work do yourself a favor and spend a little more and buy a good set.
This oil seems to be of high quality and perfect viscosity. I have used it many times now and am sure this will be my brand of choice.
This bucket of buttons that I have received had EVERY color you could imagine in it! A variety of styles and shapes! :) I would definetely recommend this bucket of buttons for any crafter!
Working in sewing, photography and crafts for decades has given me the advantage in what to look for in a great pair of sissors. These Westcott Titanium BONDED Sissors (NOTE: NOT completely titanium blades, but ONLY bonded) are made by Acme in China. The sissors look nice- lightweight, soft grip, tight titanium colored blades.Because I use my sissors daily and safety is a major factor, I need a closer look. When I open the handles completely and put them on a table, I see the blades are fused between two pieces of fused plastic where your fingers and thumb go in. I also see a metal screw on one side of the finger handled blade and where does this screw go into? A plastic thread on the thumb handle side. This means any hard pressure on the handles will easily bend the inside plastic threads, pop out the screw and an injury could occur.I called Acme about the safety issue and warranty on these, since they are constructed so cheaply and they said there is a LIMITED lifetime warranty that does NOT cover NORMAL WEAR. That actually means that there is no warranty at all. Read the Warranty on the back of the card and see for yourself. Would I use two sharp blades held together by a single screw that is inserted into plastic threads? No way. With everyday use or putting pressure on thick fabric or cardboard, that screw could pop out of that skimpy plastic thread and who knows where the blades will fall or twist on you. The blades are too sharp for plastic threads making these sissors dangerous for any use and I would not recommend these for even cutting thin paper. It pays to take a closer look at the construction of any sissors, as after all, using 2 sharp blades in your hands does have safety issues and making certain the blades will never come apart and hurt you is the most important thing.
I bought three of these and each came individually wrapped in inches of padding, which was reassuring. Indeed, the frames were in mint condition when I unpacked them. The back is a nice black velvet texture that adds an element of class to the item. The frame itself was polished and had no scuff marks at all. They have back support to stand horizontally or vertically. Minimal form, maximum function. Great buy.
I bought this lighter about 3 months ago. It was flawless for the first 3 months, then one day, it clogged up with butane deposits like all other refillable lighters, and now it lights once in a while. My point is that it lasted about as long as the cheap $5 refillables at convenient stores. I've owned very expensive Callibris as well as the cheap refillables you find at convenient stores, and from my experience, they are all equal except for the shell. They all seem to self destruct by getting all clogged up with fuel deposits, and either the spark mechanism malfunctioning and/or the element that turns white hot inside the flame jet (a type of metal alloy) to keep the flame going - disintegrating.I was hoping for more, and for 3 months, I thought I had it...Review updated Oct 25 2010I took this lighter apart, and what causes the loose top is a very cheap plastic washer. It causes the spark wire to slip down into the tube, and the metal part that lifts the fuel tube to allow fuel in needed a little bending to get better lift. The wire that creates a spark is supposed to come out of the top of the lighter and hang a bit over the flame (that's what helps it in windy conditions.) It looked like the actual tip of that wire had disintegrated, so now, once reassembled, it barely reaches the top of the lighter, and creates a spark about 50% of the time. I had to use some heat resistant glue to get the plastic washer in, and the top assembly solid so it remains a single piece.I'm not recommending that anyone tinker with their lighter, just sharing my experinece. The lighter works fairly well now (back from the dead) but I will need a new spark ignitor with a full length wire (preferably one that resists the intense heat generated) to get it back the way it was.I don't know how these lighters were made 10 years ago (based on other's posts) but it seems that the Quality Control process took a deep dive in recent times. If you are willing to tinker safely, or take this thing in for repairs now and then, this is not a bad lighter. It does not contain any plastic tubing on the inside, and apart from the cheap plastic washer holding the top assembly together, and the cheap ignitor wire, it's a great lighter! It's still my favorite, and I was willing to spend the time repairing it...
This Swingline 440 (74440) hole punch is wonderful! Adjustable punch heads, replaceable punch heads when they get dull. And I can insert up to 7 total if I want. (Only ships with three, and new ones are $20 each, a bit expensive). I like this product because it is durable, heavy, powerful. I took this over the comparable 450 model (74450) because that one, by the online descriptions, can only go up to 4 punches, not 7. Complaints: well, it shipped with a bit too much oil on one of the punches, left ugly stains on the paper around the hole. I think after punching 1000 pages on scrap paper I have solved the problem. Actually, since I bought it used, maybe the manufacturer wasn't the one who put on too much oil.
I was a little disapointed because of the small amount of paper and the designs were mostly not what I had in mind. But that can happen when you order sight unseen.
I bought this toy for my 4-year-old son for his "big" Christmas present. He loves marbles and the Marbleworks toys, so I thought this would be a great gift. Better, even, because it's wood. I was so wrong! The monkeys don't work, and it's next to impossible to get the marbles to go though things without them jumping onto the ground. A very bad design. Thankfully the local toy store where I bought it is exchanging it.
this is a Must have tool when you are working with thin papers or papers that have lots of cuts on them. I have never had a paper rip when using this tool, if I'm careful while using it. It does pick up some of the sticky off of the mat and that is not a great thing. I don't always use this tool if I'm cutting thicker papers so that cuts down on this tool mucking up my mat. I think the real thing it does is make you more aware of what you are doing, it makes you slow down and think about how you are taking the paper off of the mat. I think it's a must have but I rated this four stars because it may not be what you want/need and because it does sometimes pick up the stickyness off of the mat.Enjoy.
I am a first time sewing machine owner. I looked at the reviews for this model before a purchased it. I can only say that I truly enjoy this machine. I did not know sewing could be so must fun. I am now looking for things to sew. Anyway, the only thing I think is wrong is the covering/top. The top that was sent to me does not seem to go with the sewing machine. It's like that just picked up one from anywhere and sent it to me. I new need to purchase a sewing machine case. Any ideas? The worthless top that was sent to me is garbage. Yet, I would purchase that sewing machine again.
you get what you pay for on this one. i don't think its a piece of junk, but it's not super great either. i used it to transfer a chevron image onto a wall, then to paint over. its hard to move this and get the exact image again.
I watched videos, read some reviews and didn't think it would be bad.My backup gun burned out (it's used to many things besides papercrafts) and I wanted to make sure I had a backup. Quiet is good right? Well, quiet is but I have yet to get the gun to melt embossing powder! I pull out my Milwaukee (SU) to get the job done. I'm not kidding when I say I sat there for 2 minutes and it didn't melt any powder! I timed it. My other gun did it in seconds. It works great if you just want to dry your paper but to use to emboss I haven't been able to get it to work. A waste of money in my mind. Did I get a bad one? Are they supposed to be painfully slow? I will be contacting the company about it. My recommendation, don't buy this one. Heck my cheap $15 backup lasted 13 years, at times running for hours to thaw out pipe! This one, wouldn't thaw out a Margarita in Mexico.
Sumi-E painting set. I would call it more of a traveling kit because it is so small. I had never tried sumi-e before, and now that I have started, I realize it is easier to do with a much larger, thicker brush than the ones provided in this kit. Also, though grinding the ink is interesting in a meditative, old world sort of way, using black watercolor paint is quicker and easier. Still, I like the way this set is made, and it does make a lovely gift. As for the seller, shipping, et al, it was A+ all the way.
I ordered the KidKraft Brighton Chairs and Table for my granddaughters for Christmas. Less than 6 months later the Pink Chair had to be repaired and now I'm hoping it will hold up after that repair. I researched a lot and found this product had high marks and I wanted a sturdy set for the Grandchildren. It is disappointing and embarrassing to give a gift which does not stand up even for 6 months. I would be hesitant to add 2 more chairs to this set as I had plannedBrighton Chair
I don't make that many clothes, but compared to the real dress forms that cost a few hundred dollars, this is junk! First out of the box it seems pretty cool, but after a while the gears start to become difficult to turn and pieces will stick. The cover is also really hard to pin into, you have to pin it like you're piecing fabric together, but when you're using a dressform, it's easier to just stick a pin in like a push pin! Also it is not realistic. If you measure your body and adjust, it is not a good clone to you. The boobs especially are problematic, the torso slopes into them too much instead of having it be more realistic. This is a problem if you like to make very structured and fitted clothes. And the gaps are extremely annoying when working with it. If you are serious about sewing clothes for yourself, look into other alternatives because this just doesn't cut it.
I ended up not using this. It was a bit too small for the skirt I used for our sock hop, but it is cute.
When I opened the package some of the containers inside did not stay in their position. No big deal, but the photo emulsion remover bottle leaked. If there was no additional damage I would have kept it. What I believe was the tracing paper inside was half turned yellowish as well as the screen to make the "negative". Shipping was free through Prime thankfully. So I will return and probably try to purchase another since other good reviews.
The scissors work well but they are bulky. Over hyped laser is useless and time consuming as you have to draw a line, project the laser then follow it. Laser keeps my cat entertained but no much use for straight cutting. Do not buy.
It is not a real 30*,it left me sour eyes after using it for a while,I hate it.So I don't recommend this product.
purchased 2 of these for my 2. yr old twin boys.They LOVE them and often choose to play in their beds when it is not even time to sleep/nap.Easy enough to assemble for one person. I had 2 of the bottom pieces that were not cut correctly and when I called the company a real person answered the phone right away and they sent out replacement parts quickly and without any hesitation (bed was still perfectly usable without these parts).They are very low to the ground, which my guys love as it allows them to sit on the edge and have their feet touch the ground.
I like my Singer DF150 Adjustable Dress Form. The felt cover will be great for draping, since fabrics really cling to it and I am very impressed with the hem guide. It is somewhat difficult to adjust the height, but not impossible, and much easier if you take the body off the stand first. I bought this small dressform based on my three primary measurements (33-25-38), but I was disappointed to discover that her underbust at smallest is 28 1/2 inches, about 1 1/2 inches larger than mine, so dresses I've made to fit me will not zip up on her. Also, her shoulders are 15" wide, and neck 13 1/2" around, at the least. So much for using this form for fitting my truly small upper body. At least I can use her for hems, when I make dresses for some of my friends, and I can even adjust her to her larger settings to fit my fianc&eacute;'s measurements (He wears a 40R jacket).
I wanted a cheap emergency sewing kit. And that's exactly what this is. Good enough to fix buttons on shirts, emergency hems and such. Something guys and girls alike should have around the house. I know a lot of guys in the military that keep sewing kits in their cars, in the house and at their girlfriends.
This glue gun worked badly from the first time I used it. The glue would continually "drool" from the nozzle after getting heated up, wasting copious amounts of glue. Secondly, after 2 days of hardly any use, the product broke. The chassis of the glue gun is made of a cheap plastic that broke apart at the handle very easily, discontinuing further use.However, for the price, this is what one is to expect, however, the shipping made this gun a no-deal.In short, if you are looking for a glue gun for actual use, find something else.Also, there were no 2 free glue sticks.
This is absolutly a non useful gadget. Had mine three plus years now, collecting dust. I always use my real sewing machine. Tried this the first night I had it, couldn't go through one layer of thin material, and I think I heard something break. But...for nastalgia purposes I have to keep this handy. I got it as a gag gift, I know the person who gave it to me spent less than 5 bucks for it at that time. I just had to put my word in for this item, because it was highly advertised, sold probably millions, and didn't really do anything. Stick with a needle and thread if you have to stitch on the run.
We are planning a family reunion. These colorful goodie bags will be given to each family member as they enter the door.
We did a big service project of repairing the broken hymnbooks in our church. There were over 100 books, and we were teaching ourselves, so we tried this book tape and then clear shipping/packaging tape. They were basically the same. We didn't like them because the clear tape made the books look cheap. But the real problem was that as we followed online instructions on how to repair the broken and torn backs, we found that although this tape is heavy, it tears easily. Many of the covers were torn in the top where the spine meets the front and back. And this tape gave no strength for this repair.We eventually found a book binding tape made of vinyl coated cloth that works perfectly. It is strong and looks great on the books. We found it here:[...]We have no agreement with Demco and they are not compensating us in any way. I would just like to save anyone else from all the trial and error we went through before we found something that works.
I have ordered several purse hangers here on Amazon and I have been pleased with all of them. This specific purse hanger was a little fancier then I thought it would be. The crystals are not just individual crystals glued in place. They are a chain of crystals with the big red stone in the middle. It was actually nicer then I thought it would be. Would definately order again in the future. Thanks!
These watch fobs were of very poor quality. The leather was thin and it broke the first time that my Dad tried to put the fob through his belt loop. The quality of these do not speak well for purchasing from Findgking.
just got the patch and it looks just like the picture. The shippment was quick and I am very happy with what I got, I might end up ordering another one soon
This was supposed to be a new book but was clearly used. It was a gift for my mother-in-law so I was very disappointed.
The product photo makes it look like there are long, bright, colorful dividers. But there are not. Just light colored little tabs. Disappointed.
I purchased this machine because it has a lot of nice stitches and buttonholes. Plus, the price was good and the reviews on this website were excellent overall.However, my experience has been the same as the other 1-star reviews.No matter what adjustments I make, or thread I use, the stitch tension is a mess. It makes lots of loops on the bottom side and makes a mess of loops every time I go in reverse. I can't adjust the tension to make a difference.Also, it breaks needles all the time, but also jams on needles all the time. You can't win.Bottom line is this thing is junk. I've had to go back to using the 35 year old machine I got as hand me down from my mother.
Daughter opened this on Christmas and couldn't use it because the ink set was completely dry. Even adding water didn't help:(
I thought I was ordering a variety (spectrum) of solid colored art tissues; however, after receiving said product, it states on the packaging (and not on product description online), "colors blend when moistened to create exciting artistic effects." Although I do like tie-dyed effects, I wasn't searching for a product whose color(s) ran/changed when moistened.
It's very easy to use. My first sewing machine and I was able to saw my first project in minutes.
Nice pattern of fish under sea. Pattern is very intricate and at times confusing to do. Took a very long time, although most patterns are similar. Floss seemed not uniform from color to color and felt that there was a lot of different colored floss. Seemed like some colors ran out before I was finished with the area requiring it.
I am an advanced sewer who purchased this for an extra machine to have for my church sewing circle. I wanted something inexpensive that could do basic work on the quilts and baby items that we sew for charity. It is exactly right for that purpose. My first project on it was putting together two baby quilts and I even machine quilted it and machine sewed the binding, and it did great through three layers of flannel. I miss not being able to fine-tune my stitch length or width myself, but the preset stitches are fine for the projects I use it on. It would be a wonderful beginner machine. It was a good value for the price.
This product did not arrive new. It came with refilled ink. The Epson photo cartridges have ink that is archival and fade resistant. I can't be sure that the ink that was refilled in this cartridge was the quality of the ink that Epson uses. I was VERY disappointed. There was no time to return as my family was just about to leave on a vacation where we were taking the printer (and cartridge) to a family memeber's house. We had many pictures to print, and we had to use the faulty cartridge.
As a jewelry designer I often made my bracelets with out even measuring often getting them sized either to large or to small, with this product I really got the results I wanted and no guessing..awesome product if you need a good jewelry sizer.
I've had this unit for about 6 weeks and it worked well until a head broke today. I called the company thinking that 6 weeks was a little premature and they told me that the unit has a lifetime warranty on everything except the head and that the heads that cost $53.59 for a set of 3 should be replaced approximately every 100 punches. Had I known that I would not have purchased this unit. That is a very considerable addition to the cost of printing that was not disclosed anywhere pre-purchase. Furthermore, $53.59 is crazy, I was expecting them to say $6 or $7 for a set of 3. Yes when it's not broken it works fine, but they need to be more honest about the cost of operating this unit. Had it said anything about that in the description I'd give the unit a 5 but since they ignore it and pretend it isn't an issue they get a 2 and I really should give it a 1.
I needed something to anchor a small antique vase to a stand, that wouldn't harm the vase. The people at Scott Laurent Gallery in Orlando suggested museum putty. I couldn't find any locally so I ordered Quake Hold from Amazon. It works great! Once applied (with no waiting period), objects hold tight, but can be removed with a clock-wise twist, and the putty comes right off of the surfaces. We have four active cats, and I trust this stuff enough to display two very large vases which I've anchored to end tables. They haven't budged -- the vases, not the cats. They're everywhere. A little goes a long way too. I ordered four packages and I just finished the first, having also used it to attach fabric to some art glass for display. It's cheap, clean, and does the job. What else could you want? SM
The brushes and everything else are super tiny, only a child's hand can hold those. Not a good set at all. Rather just go to micheal's art store and get the sumi set there. Just stay away from this set, unless you you buy this as a gift for your 3 years old child.
These are also some of the best quality gel pens around...always smooth writing and drawing with a lot of options for all kinds of paper crafts. I love these as well as the Sakura Gelly Roll brand. Enjoy!!
Easy to use and figure out. I like that the machine is affordable and has the basic fuctions to get the job done!
Used this to paint a wall size mural with my child. Was very happy with the quality and price. I use craft paints and the paper held up and did not bleed thru at all.
I tried TWO of these machines giving it the benefit of the doubt the first time. What a mistake! The first machine I received turned about 15 times before jamming permanently. I sent it back and ordered a replacement. The second machine didn't jam...it just dropped about 5 STITCHES every other turn! turn once...drop five...turn twice...drop five more!! Impossible to work with! It's a good concept too bad they make it so cheaply...and there must be some design flaw. Most people agree it drops more stitches than it keeps! Sorry I wasted my time and money.
This heavy duty adjustable punch was just what we needed. But when it arrived, we found that two of the 3 punches did not go all the way through the holes, so it would only punch one hole. We looked it over carefully, even took it to a stationery store, to see if it could be adjusted, to no avail. The seller refunded our money along with the shipping costs.
Wow--this is well over $2 a skein than from the actual manufacturer. Other sellers from other sites have it priced at about $3.50-$4.00. This is disappointing because I do trust shopping online here. Since I can't find this yarn in the stores here anymore, and need a good 8 more skeins to finish this large afghan, I will take a chance and order at the half-price point somewhere else and hope the other site is legit.
This product is terrible. It's as dull as a butter knife. Go with OLFA brand cutter. Difference is night and day.
As another reviewer noted these do not pierce cloth well at all so were basically useless for me. I threw them in the trash
I ordered this cause i needed some quick stickers for my scrapbooking and this worked perfect and the sayings are so cute.
I tried a whole tube on several fabrics and different stains. It didn't work on any of them. Total waste of money. Makes me wonder if people are being paid to write positive reviews. Bottom line: doesn't work. Waste of money.
I have to admit right off that I am not an experienced serger, but I do have good sewing experience. This machine has been such a nightmare for me!!!! I was so excited to get my first serger, but I am having nothing but problems and have not been able to finish one single thing. ARG! It threaded pretty easily with clear color-coded instructions but nothing else has worked. Three needles have broken, one bent (I'm only sewing flannel here!). Now I am out of needles and as others have mentioned, they aren't easy to find. I will have to order new neddles online which is fine with me at the moment as I could use the week long break from this frustating machine! I'll give it one more go when the new needles arrive, and perhaps a trip to the 'local' singer dealer 35 miles miles away, but I may be returning this machiine.
I am very frustrated with the local Brother support center after purchasing the 6000I. I brought this new machine which appeared to be malfunctioning, to the warranty service center (1 hour drive away),after having many difficulties with this machine over the last week. I have had continuous problems with this machine displaying E6 error along with a banging noise, broken needles, stitches missed and machine completely seizing up. I was told that I was "threading the machine wrong" without any assessment or allowing me to demonstrate the issue that I was experiencing. I had read the manual many times after the continuous malfunctions and could not troubleshoot the problem myself. The manual instructed me to bring it to a local service center.I asked the Brother repair center to show me the "error of my ways" so that I could determine the problem. I was rudely told that they were not paid to assist me as I bought the machine from Amazon. When I asked this Brother center where I could go to get assistance,I was told they did not know! I am bewildered!Buyer beware!
so far So good. I did think I was getting a bargain with the price but not really even in Joann's with a coupon they are cheaper. I might get more if dont feel like driving to a store. quality is same as any other sticks I've used
The sewing machine arrived with a defective tension setting. I worked with Brothers' Tech Support and was unable to resolve issue so I returned the machine.
Our sweeper gradually fell apart over the first few months of using it. It was shabbily constructed. When I asked for a refund, they informed me that I had to mail in the defective sweeper with a check for $12.99, and they would repair or replace it.
These are my first new pinking shears in years. I love them. The grips are comfortable to use and the blades are sharp.
This is a very cute set for young girls. The stamps are attractive and durable for young hands. The pencils and stamp pad are nice and bright colors that girls like. My daughter is 4 and loves her set. I gave it four stars only because the lid does not slide on and stay like most other Melissa and Doug sets. The price is right though for under ten dollars and I would still recommend this stamp set for gifts.
I am traveling and it is a smart tool to have for quickjobs. Although, I have misplaced the instructions to fillthe bobbins with higher quality thread. I believe all theattachments are here with me. Unfortunately, there isn't anybobbin coding system or marks on the machine to indicate theprocess for threading them. Someone with no experience would'ntbe able to figure it out. I will not give up. I'm stickingparts in the various holes to test which way works. Oh, by theway, don't drop the little spring, it's seems to be a vitalpart.
I was suppose to be getting this sewing machine as an early xmas present. I'n new to sewing and don't have a lot of storage so it was the perfect gift. However, like another review while sewing for the first time after about a half hour the tension knob popped out and then every few minutes after that continued to pop out. Then while changing the bobbin something must have happened because it did not sticht right after that even though I followed the directions(which are useless)and consulted veteran sewers. My mother, who bought it for me was disappointed and isn't sure if she can even return it. However, I did sew most of a large blanket and hem one leg of a pant before it no longer worked. I'd go the next step up if possible
Able to enlarge small print on articles and packages. Works well for everyday needs. Would suggest a larger higher power for frequent hobby or daily needs.
I have never used boning in a garment before. I ordered 1/4" boning, as the pattern directed. I got the package marked 1/4" boning, and it is very nice -- except for one major flaw -- it is actually 1/2" wide. The boning itself is 1/4" wide, but it is encased in fabric, making the total 1/2" wide. My pattern calls for it to be inserted in a 3/8" placket at the bodice seams -- obviously something 1/2" wide will not slide in there.Fortunately for me, I tried it in only one seam, and discovered the problem. I solved it by sewing the boning right next to the seam with a zipper foot, and then lapping the seam allowance over the boning and sewing the other side, also using the zipper foot. It worked well, and the product is actually very nice -- I just wish the dimensions were clearly stated in the product description and on the packaging.I did appreciate the instructions to place the curve towards the body. I may not have done that otherwise.
I bought this machine because I'm a beginner sewer and I thought that I should learn on a cheap one and when I get more into it invest in a more expensive machine. I read the reviews on this and most of them seemed good so I went for it. I had problems with it almost instantly. First off the instructions are hard to read.. the pictures are so small and they list english and spanish together for each step which is annoying. Most manuals put them on separate pages. That's just a minor annoyance. So on my first trial with it it started birdsnesting like crazy. I adjusted some stuff and it seemed to get a bit better but then it started getting all tangled under the bobbin compartment. I figured out how to fix it when it happened but it was annoying that I had to take the time every time I had finished a line of sewing. My other problem with it is the foot lever isn't very sensitive and it goes from slow to fast way to quickly. I know that some people will say that I didn't have it threaded correctly but I checked it multiple times and I adjusted the tension. I decided to send it back and I ordered a more expensive electronic Singer Stylist. I just got it today and let me tell you it is WORLDS better. It was worth the extra $70. It sews straight right out of the box didn't have to adjust the tension or fix anything. It works like a dream. Luckily Amazon has a good return policy and I was able to get a machine that works for me. If you are looking for a machine to get you precise, consistent stitches.. look elsewhere.
I bought this for an 8 year old for a birthday gift, I always love crafts and thought it would be good for a rainy day. It is great for the price and the quality if pretty good. The only downfall is that we went through these crafts pretty quick. There is another set similar to this that looks to be a but harder but looks good none the less. For the price and contents this is a good project to keep an 8 year old occupied for a few hours!
Too many of the stickers aren't sticky at all and need to be reinforced with glue, which totally defeats their purpose.
Ordered this as part of a Christmas present for my daughter. It arrived in plenty of time, and is beautiful. Very well made -- great product!
This brush is a wonderful addition for any type of artist. Especially good for the watercolorist. The ability to control your strokes and amount of water is wonderful.
My daughter received this bead set for her 3rd birthday. The hand painted beads are bright and attractive, and she was eager to start beading. However, the rough texture of the wood on the inside of the beads makes it a frustrating experience- she isn't able to bead without assistance. We ended up exchanging the beads for a set with a smoother interior surface. My sister also purchased these beads for her nearly three year old, and she had the same experience; her daughter was unable to string the beads- the laces snag on the rough interior surface, making it difficult to bead.
While I wanted to give it 0 Stars, but the metal housing is pretty sturdy.Too bad the optics are ridiculously poor. Seriously. I have 20/20 vision and most of the time I can just hold the object of interest closer to my face (like one would have to anyway to use the loupe) and can see the SAME DETAIL as looking through the loupe. While the loupe will SLIGHTLY magnify it, it is not even close to 10x.I read the reviews that said that it's around 10x, and I knew it wouldn't be even close to 30x, BUT I had NO IDEA it would be far below 10x.Do not buy.
When the package arrives it will appear a lot smaller that it is. It seemed to be vacuum packed. I was a little concerned it would have knotted but it has been fine for the needle felting I do.
This is false advertising and I want my money back. Not 30X, not even close.
It's a little hard to insert the fasteners into the needles's channels and you have to hold tightly the fabric to keep them and the buttons in place. Beyond that, it's a good product because it makes the work a little faster.
But it's pretty good for 64 pieces of thread and it has the basic types of colors. I don't regret buying it because the other kits were more expensive. I also thought the amount would be more but it wasn't but you get what you pay for! I don't mind :) Shipping was pretty good too!
was very pleased with this quality product. its small, weightless and does any job! would have liked it to have a longer cord though.
I am a professional artist and this paper is listed as &#34;thick heavy duty paper that can be painted on without warping&#34; which is totally misleading. It's just as thin as plain paper! And i felt no texture what so ever.
Safco 9417 is a smaller item than the one Amazon is showing here. Be sure you see a photo of it online before you order so you'll know what you're getting.
It is so hard to find photo albums to put those 10x13 pictures in of my kids. I saw this and ordered one thinking I would give it a try based on the reviews. Love it!! I am going to order several more to put my kids artwork in and to separate the 10x13s in. Great product!
Bought this based on the reviews on Amazon. This is the only electric sewing machine I ever had. The design has a fancy shape, but it is really not very ergonomic. The left end of the machine is so bulging out that it makes access to the presser lever really uncomfortable. I guess this bulging space is taken by the light bulb and the so called automatic threading. The automatic threading a really very useless. It seldom works. After you have done all the hooping and looping of the thread to engage the threader, you might as well save some time by using a manual threader. The electronic speed control is really a joke. It really has one speed. When pressed lightly the motor simply moans and groans. Everything on the machine looks a little cheap, like its going to fall apart anytime. My manual singer can be faster than this electric one which at max speed kind of chugges along. Well, as I said this is my first electric sewing machine and I have nothing to compare it to. But will I recommend it ? Really no.
Wow--this is well over $2 a skein than from the actual manufacturer. Other sellers from other sites have it priced at about $3.50-$4.00. This is disappointing because I do trust shopping online here. Since I can't find this yarn in the stores here anymore, and need a good 8 more skeins to finish this large afghan, I will take a chance and order at the half-price point somewhere else and hope the other site is legit.
Dont be fooled into thinking that these scissors are truly for left-handed kids. The handles may be molded to fit either hand. But in order to be truly left handed scissors, the blades must be reversed. It's physically impossible to make ambidexterous scissors. Hold the scissors open in front of you, with the blade pointing away from you and one handle in each hand. If the blade on top is coming from your left hand, then they are truly left-handed scissors. If it's on the right, then they simply won't cut well when used left handed. The natural cutting action of the hand will push the blades apart rather than together and the paper will slip between the blades - very frustrating for a preschooler who is learning to use scissors. If you're looking for scissors for your left-handed child, don't waste your money on these!
Great paper for doodling and doing formal drawing. Nice weight and texture to it. Works best with pencils. My son loved this paper and went through it in no time.
It was purchased for another and I cannot comment on the quality............sorry. I'll let you know if I hear more.
I had to hot glue the decals on the jacket, after a couple of wares they were falling off. So if you have super glue or hot glue around it's perfect.
Looks cute, but requires constant hardware tightening. bought it last year for Christmas and it needs constant tightening. One chair broke a leg off because the hardware came loose for the 100th time. I'd rate it 2.5 stars.
I used this serger heavily for about a year. As time progressed, it seemed like the tension was getting weaker and weaker and I had to keep adjusting it up. Then, while I was changing the needles, the needle clamp broke. All I did was try to tighten the clamp with the little hex wench and it snapped into pieces. It's made of cheap (and brittle) plastic. I tried to remove the needle thread guide (the metal piece that wraps around the needle bar) to get a better look at what was broken. The screw that holds the thread guide in place is made of cheap soft metal and was almost impossible to remove without stripping. I ended up having to buying a new needle clamp online (still waiting for it to arrive) and a new screw (for the thread guide) from the hardware store.
This case is great for storing at home but if you're traveling or moving it a lot, it may be a good idea to get another one. It doesn't hold the sewing machine in place if knocked over. Still could damage the machine. Overall, a good product especially for the price and protects against things falling on it.
I was VERY disappointed with my purchase of the Wiss scissors. They are soooo tight, it's nearly impossible to get them open to cut anything. I wanted to return them but I didn't want to go through all the hassle Amazon requires. I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THESE TO ANYONE!!!!!!!!
Purchase this for my wife. She never complained, as it was a gift, but after observing the operation first hand, I found it to be a disaster. Looks like evrybody has the same problem. For every stick used, I figure you waste at least 3 sticks. Shame on you Dremel ! Looks good, but performs terribly.
This bar was difficult to use. It is hard to get s straight-line since the cables do not hold it level. The seller was prompt in shipping. However would not buy again. The straightedges that clip to the side are better
If you do embroidery and are into the &#34;southwest&#34; motif, these are very nice. It's not terribly complicated and it goes rather quickly. I made these for my sister and she was thrilled.
I read the other reviews, but chose to take a chance, since I'd had such good luck with other Art Alternative products, and the little case looked handy. That was a mistake. While the little case is handy and portable, these things are too pale and watery to be worth the trouble. I would not recommend buying them.
I purchased this serger in May and loved it. It worked for 2 weeks, then stopped.It was still under warranty and Brothers authorized it to be fixed.It was impossible to get the parts for the motor and Brothers refused to doanything other than to try to track down the part.It sat in the shop for 6 weeks and during that time the warranty ran out.After no satisfaction with Brothers, I called Amazon.They were wonderful!!! They replaced the machine completely without any chargesto me and I will ship the old machine back free as well.I can't say enough about how great Amazon is to work with.I will continue to be a faithful customer of theirs.Barb
I should have known "you get what you pay for". This is not worth the powder it would take to blow it up. No clarity. I bought this hoping to be able to make out marks on pottery, jewelry, etc. I couldn't make out my own signature with this. A complete disappointment and waste of money.
We use these occasionally at the childcare center where I work. The kids love 'em! Nice for creating artwork on black paper. The silver makes a great wintery snow scene when paired with cotton balls or batting on dark construction paper.
GREAT markers! Though 1 did come completely dried out, still great to work with for art projects
My mother has this machine. It is great to work with. No problems here.
My daughter received this item for Christmas and in one day used up all of the tape and stickers. Had I known that there were no replacement parts available, I would not have bought it. I do NOT think that it is a good value for the price of $14.99 because she was only able to use it for one day!
My daughter LOVES stamps since she gets them every week at the little gym she attends for playtime/gymnastics. We thought to get her this as a gift that we knew she would love. Quite disappointing when she tried to stamp everything and nothing was showing up. The ink pad was bone dry. I even tried to add a little water to it, which allowed for a watery very faint stamp, but not what we expected. We tried to pretend we saw it and say we loved the stamps (she's under 2--these kinda things till work), and then boxed it back up for a return.The set seemed durable and could be cute if it worked. As others mentioned, the lack of a good cover makes this harder to store. All the stamp "handles" are made of wood so seem to be well made and will last.
A handy mans best friend. Once you become accustom to using hot glue? you will never go back. This gun goes with me most places I can find a 120v plug in. Great product!
The "ShopGetOrganized" supplier cheated me by sending 50 and NOT 100 Buttoneer fasteners. I plan NEVER AGAIN to shop Amazon until I receive the 50 Buttoneer fasteners owed to me.I rate this supplier 0 out of a possible 10 for satisfaction.
These are just what we wanted. No plastic handles. Forged not stamped, and not made in china
I was happy with the 2 other origami papers that I ordered but this one was disappointing. It was called LARGE but was no bigger than the 4x4" papers the others were.
My daughter, a product of an all-digital world where cutting and pasting (and then re-positioning the item) is simple, couldn't believe that rubber cement was all that I promised it to be. But then she tried it for a family heritage scrapbook assignment and is completely sold on how cool it is to be able to use this glue (and, of course, roll up the excess into little rubbery balls...)This Elmer's version worked as well as any other brand I used to use "back in the day", so I am glad that it is still available for the new generation.
The handle was uncomfortable to hold while punching papers, and after a little over a month of moderate use in my classroom (by myself only - students did not touch it) the handle bent and eventually broke off! Now it's essentially useless because the broken metal handle is uncomfortable to hold onto. I contacted the manufacturer a few days ago and have not heard back. Since it's past Amazon's month-long return window, it was a waste of $25.
We purchased this sewing machine for our daughter for Christmas. It arrived promptly and was well-packaged. However, when she removed the cardboard protecting the dial the packing tape started to tear the sticker off the dial. She was very careful about removing the tape as soon as she noticed the problem. Tape removed another portion of sticker elsewhere on the machine. We contacted the seller and they immediately sent us a second machine, which we have not yet received. But we are concerned that we will have the same problem. Has anyone else noticed this? The damage to the sticker makes it difficult to read the settings and will eventually cause the entire sticker to wear away.
My son's #1 fave color is purple. So I was a little annoyed that there was light blue, dark blue...but no purple! The paper is a little on the thin side, but nice vibrant colors.
I used this magnetic closure for the finishing touch on a handmade purse. It is the perfect closure, not too strong, not weak. It is heavy and is of great quality. Installing it onto the purse was simple. My fabric was denim. I simply cut holes with an x-acto blade, inserted the prongs and folded them over. The purse is for my tween daughter and she is thrilled with how the closure finishes off the piece with class.
I bought a bunch of these rhinestone iron ons for my self and my bridesmaids. I did the bridesmaids shirts first and they all worked perfectly. This one however, some of the adhesive wasn't on the rhinestones when i opened the package therefor I was not able to iron them all on. I just wish it worked like the other ones I had bought. The rhinestones that did adhere stayed on though.
every pattern I have tried to create from her books never works out to be as adorable as the photos. I am always tearing out and redoing as she does not explain clearly through her directions.
I purchased this sewing machine with high hopes and put my trust in the Singer brand name.But found instead that this is a poorly made machine that couldn't even perform at the lowest level.The metal feet that are supposed to advance the fabric don't move the cloth forward at all, but instead just go up and down, which doesn't help at all. The large dial that is suppose to change the length of the stitch didn't make any difference whatsoever. Even a simple straight stitch was a mess.Avoid this machine.
Doesn't feather, with a sharp, crisp, dense line. Slow dries on quality paper where it tends to sit on top rather than be quickly absorbed (cheaper paper). But where it fails as a drawing ink is that it lightly lifts when a wash of water is applied. Even lightly will kill a watercolor or colored ink wash. As long as you don't care about it being absolutely waterproof, this is a great ink, but if you require absolute waterPROOF (as opposed to water "resistant"), then this is NOT the ink you want.
I previously purchased this rolling cart before and it has helped to keep me organized at home. I have looked for it again for years but it was always too expensive for me and so I always waited for a sale. I was so happy to find the product at the price I did and purchased two of them. Now, I am able to keep myself more organized in my classroom that has very little storage space.
to big for sewing machine. This is advertised to work with the Brother machine and it fit inside case but case is way to big for machine
My daughter recently discovered bath crayons and I was very excited to buy these for her. The good thing is that she loves them. As other reviewers have mentioned, the crayons don't stay in the holders and she had just as much fun putting them in the holders, taking them out, putting them in again, etc. as she did drawing on the bathtub. I wouldn't have minded that except for the fact that her hands are now nuclear orange, and it has been 2 days and her fingers are still stained. If they didn't stain so much, I would like this product more.
It took off the polarization on my glasses. There was scratches on the polarized part of the glasses so it took care of it. However, my lens are not dark enough to be good sunglasses by them-self so I'll probably have to buy new ones
It'd be better to buy these products from Amazon or at Michael's. Don't order from Arnold Grummer's website. I called their service phone number 1.800.453.1485 many times but no one ever answered the phone. I sent emails through their website and no one ever replied. I can't get hold of anyone to tell me where my shipment is.
One third of the beads - the orange or yellow color judging from the package - don't seem to change color at all in sunlight. The other colors work well and are great for teaching kids about UV light.
Recommended by no less than James Gurney (painter of Dinotopia series). Justly so. Pigment that screams quality the minute you touch it. Fits on a moleskine sketchbook page (handy that).The seller (finearts?) was very accomodating. as well.Unreservedly recommend.
I didn't like this little craft iron. I wanted it to remove wrinkles and open seams on extremely small pieces. But it never seemed to get hot enough for this purpose, despite using a spray bottle to dampen the fabric. (And no, I wasn't saturating the fabric, just lightly misting, like I used to do in the days before a steam iron.) The cord was clumsy, I thought it was because the cord was stiff, but perhaps it was the positioning. I used an ironing mat, which was ridiculously expensive but adequate. I think next I will try the smallest travel iron I can find and a sleeve board.
I too purchased this machine with great trepidation. I've had my White for almost 15 years which I love dearly. I decided to try the Singer because the cover stitch would be (I thought) a real time-saver.Well, aside from the other comments above, I do not like the fact that there are no numbers for tension adjustment - you just "guess" - maybe I'm too picky but I like to have my tension exact so I get a good solid stitch. My White tells you what the tension should be for each needle and looper for the different stitches.Secondly, I do not like the fact that I cannot access the left side of the machine. I finally figured out the lever system that threads the loopers that are not visible, but I found myself very leery of this system since if something goes wrong, well, who knows? You can't see inside. Plus, how can you really get the lint out of that area?In addition, every time I changed the plastic plate for cover stitch or to use the knife, I felt like any one of the tabs (on the plastic covers) was going to break off!Anyway, I returned it because I just couldn't see paying $600 for one stitch - the cover stitch.Wouldn't it be nice if someone would make a dedicated cover stitch machine at around $200? Or if you could add the pieces to make your existing serger have the cover stitch as an attachment? They do it on embroidery machines, so why not sergers?I just think Singer could have done a better job - more professional, more informative (as others have said - no CD or video), and sturdier.
This "Cutting" tool, does not cut. It is used for scribing which is basically scratching the surface of the plexiglass and then you are suppose to break the scribed piece off.The above technique, is not for beginners, I have 4 cuts on my hands because the plexiglass did not break properly and left sharp edges which caused me to bleed.I was misinformed when buying this product. It is not for cutting. Its for scribing and breaking, which is dangerous.
It is very difficult to obtain A4 paper, and this is about the only I found. but the quality is poor and the paper is very thin. It jams the printer and makes it take in multiple pages. What should have been a simple printing job took forever, but if you're the only choice.....
I previously owned a pair of these scissors and thought they were the best scissors made. With that in mind i ordered a few more pair and found that the new version is substantially inferior to the old pair. The were not created to cut against each other but rather to cut beside each other which allows thicker material to open the blades and be trapped between rather than being cut. They are also quite a bit lighter in weight and therefore making it easier for material to spread them apart and avoid being cut.
the black looked faded on one side and it was very light weighted however it arrived in good time and packaged well
I decided to take up sewing again, after many years. Everyone said to obviously get a Singer. I thought for the price, and because of the mostly 5 star reviews, I would try out Brother anyway. I sewed on a couple buttons to try the button foot and I was pleased. I went out and spent a lot of money creating a sewing kit and picking out fabric for my first project on my new machine. 75% of the way through the project (and after an hour of sewing) the machine stopped working correctly. I re-threaded the bobbin multiple times, everything was good. After taking off the top plate, I saw that the top thread was no longer catching where it should. After research on fixing and consulting my grandma (a lifelong sewer), I determined that even if this is a fixable problem, no machine should break that soon. To save myself countless hours of headaches in the future, I decided to return it immediately and purchased a Singer instead. My grandma said that her Singer was doing the same thing last year and she finally had to repurchase one - AFTER 40 YEARS OF PERFECT USE. Sorry Brother, your printer and fax machine that's sitting in our home office is okay, but I'm sticking with the pros (Singer) on this one.
Absolutely love it. It was an upgrade for me from a White serger of 1987. It is much, much easier to thread, and the knife can be moved without having to take it apart - there are a couple extra feet for it, the adjustments are easy to make, almost as easy as a sewing machine - the industry has definitely come a long way and this is a delightful improvement - and the price was quite agreeable as well.I chose to get it from Amazon because of their stand by the buyer policy in making sure the purchase went well, you got what it was you ordered, and that you are happy with it.
this 3-hole punch broke when trying to punch holes in 4 pages - not 40. First time out. A terrible product. Better to go to staples
terrible product. Pieces don't fit together correctly. Poor instructions, no number to call w/ questions. It's going back.
These shears did not meet my expectations of a Fiskars product. The shears did not cut properly and kept getting stuck in the closed or semi-closed position. And yes folks, I know how to cut with pinking shears. They simply did not work and were a waste of my money.
This is a good book for sketchs, im a begginer and this book help me a lot, a very comftable size, you can take it everywhere and is so convinient, the only flaw i fonund in it, is the front cover, its soo thin, i prefer the hard ones, but the paper is excelent for pencils and work kinda good with markers (prismacolors chisel tip), i recomend it 100%. ohhh and a great price btw
We first purchased this kitchen scissor from an outlet kitchen store 4 years ago, and have been searching for a second pair ever since. We have used it for everything, raw and cooked meats, raw vegetables, flowers, and without tiring our hand. It has held up well past all the other brands without &quot;the spring&quot;. We are so glad to find it on this site!
This is a savior for my belt, I am a person that goes on diet and sometime forget about it, so got to always switch holes in the belt.
I saw a video of how to use this product on Nancy's Notions website. She made it look so easy--just tamp the applicator in the tray that comes with it, rub it over the stencil and there is your sewing line all ready to be quilted. Unfortunately it didn't work that way for me. You have to tamp the pad a lot to get the powder to work its way though the pad and it did not come through evenly even though I tried to shake the powder around to make sure it covered the whole pad. Then after I swiped it over the stencil the line was not very distinct--it had a halo around the lines. The part that really bothered me though was that the line rubbed off before I had it quilted. Just with the movement necessary to move the piece around while stitching caused enough movement to rub the chalk marks off. I don't know if there is a way to make the powder stick to the fabric better. I would not buy this product again.
My only complaint about this roll is that it is not Heavy weight at all! It is very thin but it works for what I bought for (finger paints and coloring), so i am giving it 4 stars.
I haven't given them a real work out, but it's hard to tell the difference between some of the pen weights. Next time I will purchase individual pens and skip some of the intermediate sizes.
Tyr blendy pens seemed good, but after a WEEK of using them they were all dryed out!! It's not worth it!
I am very satisfied with my new Dritz, Dressform. I am a knitwear designer and needed a model to pose for my designs. The fact that she is very flexible with her sizing, makes her even better. The price was very reasonable, and she (now known as Sheila)was delivered fast and in perfect condition.Thank you for offering this product to me just when I needed her the most.Gayle Richardson
I don't know why on earth I bought these things. I guess for a low price, I thought these scissors would be worth trying. I wanted them for cutting a straight line through lengths of fabric.Heh, they were so awful, the laughs were worth the money (that and I now have a new pair of scissors AND my dogs have a new laser toy).The problem? The laser makes this line that you are supposed to cut on...but as you cut and your hand moves, the laser moves, so the whole thing is pointless. Oh well.
Do not waste your money on this model. Quality and detail are lacking and the paint job sucks.The majority of the plastic molded parts still have burrs on them; apparently, no attempt was made by the manufacturer to remove them.The paint on many of the parts, for example, the reaction control thrusters, is poorly applied with runs and overruns onto places where that color of paint should not be. In fact, attention to detail with respect to color (paint) is virtually non-existent on the ascent stage. Examples: antennas, exterior panels, egress hatch, etc.And, as others have pointed out, the inscription on the base reads, `Lunar Excursion Module', which is technically incorrect, as it was properly known as the `Lunar Module'.Additionally, when unpacking the model, I found that the ascent stage was dislodged from its cut-out within the packing foam and was loose within the box, as was a piece of balsa wood with a partially-set screw. Several nicks in the silver ascent stage paint and several scratch marks on the area where the two stages are mated suggest that I'm not the first owner of this particular copy. (quite likely a return...)This is nothing more than an over-priced, amateurish model replica. Save your money and hand-build one of the kits, such as the Revell 1:48-scale model.
You will get a much better magnification and less distortions if you go with BELMO's 10 X. This loupe feels as cheap as it actually is.
please give me an Paking LIST of this article, I need to know what materials is developed.I look forward to your prompt response.Thanks in advance.
I was thrilled to have purchased this loom set just a couple of days ago at Michael's using my 40% off coupon for a total of $12!!! I am an avid knitter and recently stumbled onto loom knitting as my 5 year old daughter received a small kid's loom over the holiday weekend and I could not put it down!!! The only bad thing I have noticed so far is the severe lack of proper instructions included with the set. I spent all day trying to figure out how to make some basic stitches (knit, purl, etc.) to no avail. Even my mother who has been knitting and crocheting since she was a teenager was annoyed and confused with the instruction guide. The only good thing about the directions included is that they had nice pictures, but only included directions for a scarf. I would have thought from the outside of the package that there would have been more a more comprehensive booklet included. There are patterns and instructions on the provocraft site, but nothing with any kind of pictures and very limited information for someone who is new to the craft of looming.Needless to say, I was very frustrated by this evening and was debating whether or not to take the set back. I am glad I did not as I just spent the last couple of hours watching some great Youtube videos including one must see video with Isela Phelps, located at [...], which goes step-by-step through all the basics (casting on, basic stitches and casting off) to which I have already made a sample swatch of all these techniques for quick reference in the future. Isela Phelps has 4 books listed here on Amazon. I am getting ready to order, "Loom Knitting Primer: A Beginner's Guide to Knitting on a Loom with over 30 Fun Projects". From all the reviews I have seen online, this books seems to get high marks for beginners. She also has a website, [...], and blog which I will be following closely for more info as I get going with this whole looming thing! Had I not found this resource, I would be returning the set.
This gift really fools you, it looks like it comes with a full basket full of threads and needles, etc but its really just tiny spools of thread and really small, crappy scissors. Even the pin cushion is minature... I was giving it to my mom as a christmas present but when it came in the mail I thought it looked more appropriate for my 7 year old sister.. It's ok for an add-on gift, but I don't suggest giving this to anyone as the only gift.
This tube is very good for the price. The fact that it extends from 2 feet to 3 is a really nice feature. It is also pretty durable, and is EXTREMELY helpful when it's raining.
I had seen a demo of the Xyron at a craft convention. I ordered the 510 since it applies the adhesive to larger items. The item was delivered as promised and was ready to use out of the box. It is easy to use and easy to change cartridges too.
Good quality, it was my 3 yr old's favorite gift of the day. Two things to take note of: they are small! I didn't notice the size -- I'm not sure how long they will last. Also, I wish there was a different type of dispenser at the top. They are made for smaller children, but the large opening at the top is begging for a massive mess.
The product worked good.Since I had it, many of my papers were arranged very well. However the product is heavy...
i like fountain pens this one is nice i have many friends that saw me using it and wanted to try it. they deemed it the snazzy pen
It pretty heavy but work well as describe and it is also worth for money we have to pay. recommended!!!
they sent me the folded one...I cant really draw anything since theres a huge line...(because folded hard..)wasted my money...very dissapointedI dont suggest you buying here..
The Brother 1034D Serger is very rough. Does not have a smooth flowing motor sound. Sounds like a loose belt or as if something is rubbing against other parts. It seems diffective. It almost seems as if I was issued a refurbished machine that was not completely repaired. I did not receive the bilingual operations manual nor the instructional CD. I would like to see if someone will get back to me on these items.I was out of the country for a few months and did not open the box until today. Returns expired at the end of July. Too bad because it would be on it's way back.This is the first time I have had a problem with an internet ordered item and I don't know exactly how to handle it.
These really do create blending effects that you can't get with regular felt tip markers. They come with some paper that already has designs designed for coloring. My 7 year old has throughly enjoyed these pens. They work on regular paper too. Be careful not to color too long in the same place to achieve the "blend". Like most markers they will eat away at the paper. Maybe thicker "art" paper would work better. Anyway, we have had fun with this product.
This purchase for a local school donation was a very good value. It will assist the students in creating works of art.
The mitten clips works well and is pretty sturdy. I gave it a four because I thought I was getting black clips instead I received brown ones. It wasn't that big of a deal, so I didn't return them, but I would have like the black ones. Overall, I would recommend it to a friend.
These are really adaptable kitchen scissors. For us, that means these are the "everything" scissors that are used for general kitchen use, paper & light cardboard, opening packages, and just about anything else you wouldn't grab a job-specific cutting tool for. We even use them as box cutters, popping them apart and using just one side. About the only thing we don't use them for in the kitchen is as poultry shears. They aren't heavy-duty enough for that. They are perfect as general-use scissors, but do not replace heavy shears, fine shears and thread nippers, sewing scissors, etc. They would be a good substitute for most office scissors, however.The blades are tough and stay sharp for years. Because they are stainless and pop apart so easily, they get tossed into the dishwasher all the time, especially after opening packages containing raw foods.We're on our second pair. The only problem we've ever had, and the reason for the replacement, is that we somehow managed to break the plastic handle on our first pair. I don't remember how, as that was several years ago. As an interesting testament to these scissors, we've kept and continue to use the old pair also!
Everything arrived promptly and as described/shown. The seller charging for shipping on something that was post-marked under a dollar didn't sit too well though. Other than that, these do the job I need them to. I'll post again if the extenders or my skin turn green! For the price, not bad. I would love to find these in 10K or 14K gold for a reasonable price, but these will due for now.
This a handy tool for quickly getting your paint mixed up without shaking and getting air bubbles in the paint
The 16piece hobby knife kit is just fine, plenty of replacement blades and differently angled blades. Pretty sturdy as well. As other reviews have stated, the blades and packaging were dirty when received, which is odd. BUT, you can't beat the price and the product works well.
Cheap little set that is not too bad. Good selection of blades for a variety of uses. Blades are a bit flimsy though so be careful about them snapping and flying.
this rotary blade was purchased to use on fabric as you would any pinking shears but it is not the same cut as scissors and not as sharp as I hoped. When I was cutting the fabric it was necessary to press down very hard in order to get a complete cut across and still each time there was a small area not cut. I will try another brand next time. I have cut with this blade but not washed the fabric so I'm not sure if the fabric will fray or not.Changing the blades was very easy, no problems with that.
Good Cutter for that price, very handy and useful, it is make easy a lot of stuff, a lot better than other ones
i only got the one pack and am sorry. i wish i got the 3 pack so i could share this fun project with others. really fun and relaxing. buy it and have fun!!!!!
I was so excited and I thought it was a middle price..it appeared to get ok reviews for over 30.00 you think it would at least get the job done. It looked like it was splitting in half..the black part the lense falls off/not attached. Don't know what to order next that is affordable.
This construction paper was of very good quality and is extremely durable unlike those other cheap kinds you buy at your local store. I bought these for my 2 yr old daughter who loves drawing and she had some metallic crayons that would only draw on black paper. I would say go ahead and purchase it if you're looking for some good quality construction paper at a decent price. Prompt shipping as well.
This comfort cushion does exactly what it is supposed to do. I make tablecloths with a small steel crochet hook and size 10 cotton thread,having the cushion on the hook makes all the difference....GREAT Invention !!
Based on other's review the quality was pretty much on. It is a great starter kit for oil paints. My larger canvas was damaged when I received the package. I sent an e-mail to the company and with in a week they replaced my canvas. Based on costumer service I would order from this company.
You can buy their products from Amazon or at Michael's. However, don't order from Arnold Grummer's website. I tried to call them many times but no one ever answered the phone (1.800.453.1485). I sent emails through their website and no one ever replied. I can't get hold of anyone to find out where my shipment is.
Huge booth, well built, and reasonably quiet. Large enough for most needs. Powerful fans move plenty of air. Highly recommended.
I wanted white board paint but this is not available. The white board sheets . . . enh . . . they tend to rip when peeling them off the stack, and after a few days they start to roll up and fall off: better with tape! But the real bummer so far is that they really don't erase well . . . I had to do windex on a paper towel and then scrape the marker off with my thumb. Too bad . . .
my friend asked me to buy this item for her.she says she likes it. and recommends the product.She used it for patchwork.
This is a great awesome hole puncher, nothing so far has been able to stop it.I love the ease of use and how well it takes all the amounts of paper.I am a grad student and printing and hole punching are part of my daily routine; this was a great buy.
Nice,Pays to check that any and all stretched canvas are square and look for knots in cotton(sand and prime if any) no problem.Happy with these,just saying check any as a rule,that's all.PS Can find Amazon through search Adam Corolla podcast or just go to acebroadcasting.com and click amazon then do search winsor 6
This product works very well - high quality blade made with good quality steel. Comes in safety packaging so it is safe to store the unused blades.
Comes with a variety of useful bits, all very sharp and easy to work with. They fit into the handles easily and were able to handle simple cuts with ease.Case was a little disappointing. Seems that was where the lack of care and thought into creating a quality product. The plastic is heavy enough, but the clip is very hard to close and you feel as if you may break the box shutting it. The magnet inside for the bits is a real nice touch, and each blade has a template to fit in to keep from moving around. This is adequate but not the best use since some of the templates do not exactly contour to each bit. Overall, nice buy, and already paid for itself.
I should have saved my money. The guide is nothing special and I could have used the mark on my regular foot to do the same job. Not impressed.
I was very pleased with this product. It basically looks like clear packing tape, however I was pleasantly surprised with how heavy it was. I also liked that it was clear. Generally when I think of book tape, I think of the thick, colored stuff that librarians use. This was heavy, not with that type of texture, but was clear so it allowed you to see the book. I liked that.
Not good paint. Very thick. Resembles marshmallow cream. Maybe I got a bad bottle? I needed something a lot smoother and thinner.
The glue is supposed to be for carpets, so that's why I bought this package. Don't know if regular hot glue would work, but this did work, though the learning curve for me is long, since I've not used regular hot glue much. Wish there was some metal tool to push the glued carpet down with, so I used a ball point pen...glue wants to stick to everything of course, and it's tricky.
Well made easy to use. If are familar to sewing machines then for the price your getting your money's worth. Those that are new to sewing machines may find the direction a bit confusing as they were not translated into english very well.After owning this now for some time I can say that not much has changed of my opinion. The only thing, which is kinda big, is that I can't use the product now due to a bobbin issue. I can't seem to get the bottom to catch and nothing seem out of place. Those poorly translated, lack there of direction/instruction manual don't help, more defined would have helped a lot right about now!
ridiculously priced at just over $85 at Amazon and well over $110 from the manufacturer. Don't you just wonder what kind of margin Epson makes on this product, other papers, and their inks, which are also way overpriced. A nice premium luster printing surface to use as an alternative is made by InkPress and sold in a number of different sizes. This size of 13 x 19 can be purchased from a seller on eBay for considerably less.
The only thing thats good about it is the small size. Its cute but gets stuck really easily..
This was the first machine I owned (other than an antique Singer dated back to the 1920's). I still have it and am saving it for my daughter when she begins to learn to sew. Its a good beginner machine. You get what you pay for, and I paid $100 bucks for it at wal-mart. Its no Janome or Husqvarna..... but it works, and you do get plenty of stitch options. It has a needle threader... which I LOVED, and winding the bobbin is really really simple.
My son's #1 fave color is purple. So I was a little annoyed that there was light blue, dark blue...but no purple! The paper is a little on the thin side, but nice vibrant colors.
great yarn just what I expected and needed I was able to finish the project I was working on in time
I don't know, maybe it's just me, but I haven't had a buttonhole work on the first try yet, and I've had the machine for 2 years. It doesn't feed the fabric evenly so one side of the buttonhole may be 1/2 inch and the other side an inch. I just finished having to rip out a buttonhole twice, which prompted me to finally write this review. Now the fabric is so messed up, I'm not sure it will be presentable. I spent MANY hours on this jacket, only to have it be ruined because of this machine.
So far, I like this cutting mat. It has plenty of guide lines on it. I used my last mat for 20 years, so I am expecting the same performance from this one, I'll get back to you in 20 years.
This is a six pack but I only got one of them. I noticed this happened to another reviewer but it seemed like everyone else had good luck. I really needed four of them this weekend so I have to get them at a local shop.The rest of the experience was odd too. I wanted to chat with someone to be sure they understood the issue and that I'd just like my money back instead of the remaining frames. The chat link was hard to find, I ended up Googling "Amazon Customer Service Chat" to find it. It said there would be a 12 minute wait but a guy helped me out within about 5 minutes. I explained the situation and he offered to credit me $15. I did the math and at $30.95 for the six pack the five missing frames would be worth $27.79. I explained that I'd rather get all of my money back and return the single canvas at Amazon's expense. Within a minute he apologized and said he'd refund all of the money and that I could just keep the canvas.All's well that ends well, but I couldn't help feeling like someone was trying to pull the wool over my eyes. I've been an Amazon customer for over ten years, and a prime member for three of them. I'm not sure why he tried to low ball me, otherwise he was courteous and Amazon ended up doing the right by their customer. Ultimately it was a strange situation after years of stellar customer service.
I do NOT recommend buying these knives unless you want to buy some throw-away knives for one-time use.When I received them, they were already rusted. Yes, seriously. With only slight pressure, almost all of the blades will break immediately. The handles also don't tighten enough to actually hold the blades, and so you constantly have to re-tighten them. At risk of getting sliced with a rusty blade, I recommend you look elsewhere.The only good thing about these knives is the price. But, you really get what you pay for.
I got this for 1$ today. You put bulky harn inside the straws; use regular yarn on the outside & go around and around the straws; slide the clasp thing down and eventually off the straws; then keep lacing around the straws until its as long as you want.Can make up to 7wide straw somethings.... i'm thining belts, headbands, purse straps, edging, ect. Nothing too special, but fun for kids.Since the bulky thread never joins the inner thead it all slides around once the straws are done and its taken apart. You can pull back the outside & see the "bone" sttructure.Overal, it was worth my 1$ to play with... but I won't make too much other than belts with it.
What's smaller than the picture perceives, skin is very thin, saddle is wrinkley and cheap? Yeah, you guessed it. Color and Cuddle Pony. I was fairly disappointed and wished I hadn't ordered three of them for my grandaugters. Oh, well...live and learn. I think I will stick with Max & Ruby DVD's.
Works great. Very heavy and seemingly sturdy product. Easy to empty the chad container--empties without dropping chad on the floor. Very pleased with this purchase.
This works well, if you don't have many things to organize. I keep bills and documents in there, and the accordion is at capacity, so get a bigger one if you have lots of paperwork.
I ordered this under the impression it was (10) black glue sticks. Part of what led me to believe this was the 10 in the product title, and the item description:"These all-purpose hot melt glue sticks dry black and can be used in either high, low, or dual temperature glue guns. They are perfect for paper, cardboard, wood, and even bonding components to crossover boards. It works well on most porous and non-porous materials. Made in the U.S.A."Note the words "glue sticks" in the first sentence, indicating there are multiples. However, upon receiving it, I discovered it was a single 10" stick. I also did not like the fact they placed a large bar code sticker on the stick that is difficult to remove without it coming off in pieces or leaving adhesive residue behind. These pieces have to be removed or they will end up on the item you are gluing.The glue adheres well. Since it is for low or high temp guns, it has a low melting point. Overall, it is a good stick as long as you are aware it is one stick and don't mind spending several minutes trying to remove the bar code sticker.I would highly recommend the seller add a quote to the product title (10") and change the description to 'stick' rather than 'sticks' so it is not so misleading.
I really think that was a good choise ,,,,,It comes with the basic thing that usually we need...easy to use and pretty ligthweight.
I think this is a great machine and buy for the money. The problem I had was with the tension on the dog feeds or bobbin. The machine would drop stitches whenever I tried to use any stitch other than staight...even zig zag stitches did not look right. I called Brother several times and tried their suggestions. They advised me to return the machine. I even called the closest service center, which is 60 miles away, and they wanted to keep the machine a week if I brought it to them. BUT, I had to have a receipt with the serial number on it and Amazon does not put serial numbers on their invoices.
I am an inexperienced sewer, so had to go by the manual for just about everything including winding the bobbin, threading the machine etc. (Not sure if other sewers would have the same experience as I did.) I did get some sewing experience when I was 12 years old and my grandmother bought me a small sewing machine, but most of what I learned then I have forgotten these days, and it only comes back in bits and pieces.However I am an intelligent tech-savvy woman working in the IT industry, and usually find my way fairly quickly with new electronic devices, with or without manual. This is why it surprised and frustrated me to no end that I struggled with it so much!The main reason for that was:1 - The instruction manual did not contain nearly enough pictures to guide me through the entire process.2 - The manual was made generic to suit several model ranges, and there was no way of knowing which set of instructions matched my machine. Especially given the lack of pictures. I hate when it goes "If your model contains this feature, please refer to the instructions on page x." How am I supposed to know if I have "automatic needle threading"?3 - There is no decent reference to a website containing more (or more specific!) information.While I can understand that printing a 30 page manual specifically for the machine you're selling must be expensive - ahem - I still think a little slip of paper with a web address on it containing *machine-specific* information should be doable. Help your customers find their own way! The best service is no service. (i.e. the best services is when the customer doesn't need any interaction with the company at all.)That said, once I made several errors and spent some frustrated evenings figuring out the specificities of the machine (thank you, internet and YouTube tutorials!) I have now learned to use some basic stitches and have sewn some simple projects. While I have no experience with other machines to compare this one to, I like the feel of the machine. Also, given the lack of instructions in the manual on oiling the machine, I assume oiling isn't necessary unlike with other machines - so it's maintenance-free, I like that!Overall not sure if given the choice between a lesser machine with better instructions, or this machine with only the bare basics, I would opt for this one again. However I'm not unhappy and bear in mind I was very inexperienced when I started sewing with this machine.
The actual size of the punched piece of paper is is 1 3/4", not 2". Might be a small deal, but when you need to write on piece of paper, the extra 1/4" is pretty important.
I was so excited when I ordered this product!!! When I got it today I could have CRIED!!! There are NO TOOLS, BEADING WIRE, OR COLORFUL PENDANTS!!! Also there are not enough beads of one color/type to make ANYTHING. The boxes are made of cheap flimsy plastic and the carrier feels litke it will break everytime I open it. THIS PIECE OF JUNK IS GOING BACK TODAY!!!!! Be warned!!!The only reason it got one star is because you HAVE to rate the products...
Researched this machine for awhile--you can get it for less other places sometimes, but you just really need to shop around for good deals and offers included.I love this machine. Sews great and the embroidery is great but make sure you follow directions and read the instruction booklet well. I keep mine right next to it. The thing is constanly beeping at me for not puting the presser foot down or this that or the other which would be a nice little feature but the beeping is really loud and annoying.
I've had this machine for about 4 years. My husband bought it for me so I could learn how to sew and quilt. It is so easy to use, I've learned so much with this machine. I have not had a problem with it in the four years I've had it.
Well the ironing on does- the materials does. But once you wash it it comes off eventually it did. My tailor brilliant.I asked him if he could sew it on. He did from the inside. That was the answer. Human ingenuity.
After ordering this I found one much cheaper at Walmart so I returned it. I will say the return process was simple, downside was having to pay return postage, which was still cheaper than keeping it
Neodymium-Iron-Boron rare earth magnet: 1/4 cylinder... Unfortunately, the north and south poles are through a *diameter* of the cylinder. This means you cannot put two of them on a wire or thin rod and have them "float". Instead they will spin, align north to south and south to north at the circumference, and snap together. The result is a long "rod" of magnets. This makes them stick to the fridge better, and since there is a hole, you could put a loop of string through it. But these are not so great for those "perpetual motion" machines you know you are thinking about right now.
Not only did this arrive fast and well-packed, it is an amazing little doohingy that cuts beautiful corners! I use it on everything!
I am just learning to knit and this book is fabulous! East to follow, great picture and written instructions, and almost instant gratification! I can see me using this for many baby hats to come :) A must have for any knitter!
Since my daughter was born I have been getting free 10x13 picture offers from Sears and I really had no place to put them, since I have been getting her monthly picture and every holiday in between. I was so glad to finally get this to put all the pictures in one spot. Its a good quality item and has been working great for me.
This product will not work on trousers. It was received on time. I thought I had ordered the product and a refill, but received two products instead.
I purchased this machine in May, after much research. I was looking for a new machine, that had more stitch options, and was easy to use. I came across this one, and decided to order. It has been SO much fun creating all kinds of personalized bags and blankets for the nieces and nephews. The PED basic software allows for even more designs than you can imagine! I would give this 5 stars, but it's not a heavy duty machine. It doesn't like going through really thick layers. I have had a few problems with the tread balling up underneath, when embroidery, but it is usually because the thread was tangled up a little, (user error). I have also stopped breaking kneedles as often after I started using a little heavier kneedle. I love this machine. It was a great deal for the price!Updated review: I had to take my machine in to get serviced, because it started making a kind of clunking noise when I was embroidering. The repairman told me it was a flaw in the machine, that has since been fixed. He was able to fix it, only a new problem arose in the time I took it to the shop to get fixed and when I got it home. The needle wouldn't move when I was trying to select different stitches. I took it in again, and the repairman was unable to identify the problem, and sent the machine back to Brother, to see if they could figure out what was wrong with it. It has been 2 weeks now, and I still haven't heard anything. Even though there was this problem, I still love this machine and all that I have been able to create with it! I hope to get it back soon.
I ordered the popup snowflake punch, what I got was a regular snowflake punch. Very disappointed as I could have gotten a regular punch at any bookstore or toy store locally. However as I'm overseas, returning is unfortunately not an option.
Didn't have the power to hit the point into my frames even at the strongest setting.
Everything is OK with the woodburner but the ends of the flat brass are too long; it would be nicer if these were cut off close to the words; it would be easier to see under the head when using it.
I am a big fan of Midwest's wood products--the ones sold individually on the rack at the hobby store. Those pieces are always pre-sanded/finished and look/feel great. This bag is full of nothing but rough un-sanded pieces (literally splinters coming off of them at all angles; that bad) which are good for only a few applications where scrap wood is needed. I create enough scrap with normal wood usage so I don't need a bag of scrap. I thought this would be a sampler bag of different wood sizes/shapes and while it is that, they are not of the same quality as Midwest's normal line of wood found at the local hobby shop. I can therefore not recommend this product to anyone looking for anything other than scrap wood pieces.
Be careful before ordering this item.In the product description it says that these pencils are sold as a "dozen" - which of course means there are supposed to be 12 pencils. However, when I ordered them (from the seller "TCP Global Corp.") the package had just one pencil.To top it off, I contacted them about it almost a full month ago and they never replied.Keep in mind I'm not rating the actual pencils, they could be just fine. I'm just saying that, should you order them, expect to get just one pencil instead of twelve.
I didn't know a zipper could be fixed until I started doig some research online. I decided to try this product and to my amazement it actually worked. I
The needles worked great in repairing a ripped boat cover. No problems at all. Arrived on time. Well worth money and effort.
These envelopes would be perfect other than I missed the fine print or the picture is wrong. The ones I received are not self sealing. You must fold over the top and seal them with tape. Other than that they are great.
I've owned this machine for about 5 1/2 years and honestly, I haven't sewed a whole lot on it. I used it to recover the cushions on a rocking chair and a few minor repair jobs on clothing. It worked okay, but I had the thread break a lot and figuring out how to change the stitches was frustrating since I have only sewed on a couple types of machines before and would by no means consider myself an expert. A couple of months ago I got it out to sew a little dress for my baby girl and kept having problems. It wouldn't sew through more that two layers of thin fabric and ended up finishing the project on my sisters Limited edition Project Runway machine which is also a brother. I was happy to discover that the problem wasn't my lack of expertise when the project came together with much greater ease. Of all the machines I've read reviews on looking for a possible replacement I think the least expensive were brother, so I looked up my own machine just to make sure that I could trust reviews enough to give brother another chance with a different machine. To my relief, the reviews seem to agree with me that this machine is not great. But I am surprised to see that some think it is a good one. This makes me nervous, and I am reluctant to spend the cash for a new machine.
we need scissors with sharp points to get into small places and these fit the bill very nicely. we will continue to use them.
I had several (4 or 5) scratches to the front of my polycarbonate eyeglass lens. After 4 applications of 1 to 1-1/2 minutes each, I still have the scratches AND have swirls throughout the outside of the lens. I do NOT recommend the use of this product for removing scratches from polycarbonate eyeglass lenses.
My 2 y/o daughter got these as a christmas present, and I thought they'd be an instant hit, because she loves to color. Well, she was super excited to use her new "colors" in the bath, and enjoyed them for 2 bath times until the crayons began to fall out of the holders and break. She was left with little nubs to color with. I understand that the manufacturer was trying to create a fun product that was easy to use, but the crayon holders are faulty, and don't do what they are supposed to. I think if the product was redesigned to work better, or just simplified so there are no holders for the crayons, it would be better.
I had a lot of odd size photos from years ago that would not fit in the albums with presized slots so this was a good alternative and works for that.Here are the positives: Plenty of room for the old 3x3 photos you might have from the good old days. The album itself is very nice looking. It expands alot. Not indefinitely like it says since the piece that covers the expansion part has a finite amount of room. You get to look at a whole page of 5 or 6 photos at once so it's nice to have a flow of things. The photos really stick to the page. Almost too much. Once they are down it's hard to get them up without bending a corner. You can put other momentos in this, I had a few cards I wanted to save.The negatives: I had to crop every photo I had. If you want to put 4x6 on you can only fit 3 if you stagger them. I sat there with a razor blade trimming photos. But my panoramic fit perfectly. It is kind of a pain to add sheets. Maybe I don't have the hang of it yet. Once you peel back the sticky part it's hard to get the wrinkles out although that doesn't really bother me.I just spent most of the day arranging my photos and trying to put them in some sort of order. I just love having this huge (and this thing is heavy with 2 or 3 extra sets of refills) book where I can just flip through the pages and see all the good memories.The reviewer who said this was not acid free is from 2002 or something. I won't live long enough if these start to fade so Oh well.Oh the last downside. This is expensive. Refills are about $5 for 5 two-sided pages which can fill up fast. I found some at Joann's with a discount and reasonable shipping. ($27 for 6 packs of refills). So I'm at $37 already. But I think without this many of the photos that I really wanted to see would still be in a box in the closet.Bottom Line: I'm glad I got it.
This tumbling mat is lighter than many other tumbling mats out there. I like the fact that I can fold it in 3 instead of 4. However, the quality is really bad. The mat we bought has not ripped yet but it got very ugly just after a week used and we only used it for our baby that doesnt even craw yet.
The paper was good quality, but it was shipped in a too large box with only a little packing so the paper packages were broken and corners bent. We only ordered 2 reams - perhaps a full box would have survived the shipping better.
My grandson seems to have quite a lot more homework than our children did when growing up. It seems like there's a new project every month with mandatory drawings of maps or colonies or birds and animals. Another stupid thing is spelling words!!! Believe it or not, every week he has to pick one of the spelling words and draw a picture of it. That is ridiculous beyond words! But the Light Tracer Light Box simplifies that.To say the least our 10-year-old is not an artist, for that matter neither am I. Hence the purchase of the Light Tracer Light Box.It's so easy to print off whatever it is you need to draw on the computer,put the printout on the Light Tracer Light Box and trace the outline and details of the picture. A little touch up with colored pencils and crayons and you have gotten the drawing requirement of the project out of the way. Thank you, Amazon for selling me this great product.
It amazes me that a beautiful sewing machine would have such a major design flaw. The removable sewing arm on this machine is held on by two tiny pieces of plastic. One of which was broken off by the time the machine was delivered. This resulted in the arm not staying on the machine making it impossible to to sew without taping it in place. It is such a nice machine what a shame they did not come up with a better design. Amazon did arrange for UPS to pick it up the very next day which was nice. I am now waiting for my refund so I can purchase another machine.
We bought this sewing machine for our coming baby. I hadn't seen any other reviews before I bought it. The reason for me to choose this machine over others is the reasonable price and the reputation of the brand. After spending one afternoon figuring how to use it, the needle suddenly broke. Fortuately, there are another two in the accessories bag. THe main thing makes me worried is that if I sew fast, the thread will be broken. I kind of feel sewing speed should not be a problem to cause the thread broken. Maybe I am not proficient in operating this machine. I hope someone will give me some advice on how to solve the problem.
Seriously I wanted a little hobby knife exacto blade kit for relatively inexpensive. You're better off spending an extra $5 or $10 to get a more decent set. When this arrived, the box it was shipped in was undamaged, and the packaging it was in was undamaged, but the blue case was already cracked in a few places. It doesn't even stay close because the hinges are the part that was broken when it arrived. The &#34;magnet strip&#34; doesn't hold but HALF of the blades on it. The handles are cheap and EASILY strip if you over tighten the blade in it even SLIGHTLY.I needed it for one purpose and I was able to do what I needed with it, so that's why it gets 2 stars instead of 1. But seriously, if I could go back, I'd spend a few extra bucks since I doubt I'll be able to use this for anything else ever again.
I would love to rate this more fairly BUT I can't because even though I ordered this machine 5 weeks ago, they are saying it won't be shipped for another 2 weeks and I won't receive this machine until around December 11.Shipping states 1-2 weeks........Don't count on itAs for the actual machine??????????????????????????????????
It was like Christmas morning when my hole punch arrived at my office. I had visions of punching through reams of paper with the greatest of ease - no more jams, no more awkward ergonomics, just pure punching delight.My elation slowly turned to confusion when I unboxed the punch. In front of me sat what looked like a cheap Soviet-bloc era stamped metal hole punch. I quickly loaded in a sheet of paper and depressed the lever. Flip! The action of pushing down the lever flipped the unit on its side. I inspected the newly punched sheet only to discover that the piston did not cleanly separate the "chad" from the hole. "Clearly, I must not have done this right." I thought to myself. I loaded up another sheet, and then another, only to discover that each time I depressed the lever, the unit would flip on its side and would leave the "chad" on the sheet.Undaunted, I will continue my search for the elusive grand daddy of hole punchers.I believe the inherent problem with the unit is it is unbalanced (the position of the lever in relation to the width of the base) and the piston does not depress far enough into the hole to get a clean cutting action. Fondly, I recall my father having a similar unit which was produced in the 70s that has lasted to this day. The build was wonderful and made of quality parts - it did not flip. Despite its weight and size, it feels cheap and because of its obvious design flaws was returned.As an aside, please note that while some people were excited about the oversized holes the punch makes, I found the nearly dime sized holes are ginormous. But that is not a problem with the unit, just a potential problem not visualizing how big the oversize holes were going to be.
This is an item I could no longer find in any of our local stores. Sears used to carry it but no longer does. I like the way it just snaps on or off the wrist and doesn't have a strap to fuss with.
I bought this kit because I'm not sure how much painting I will actually do. I think its a great beginner kit that basically has everything that one would need to paint. I do wish it came with a beginner's book and a sketch pad of some type, but for the price, I think it's a great deal for those who want to dabble in painting. Mine did not arrive broken as some other reviewers have mentioned.
This pattern is great - loved the finished product, but it has many full stitches (for beginner ease) that you will want to make into half/quarter stitches if you're more experienced, so I altered it as I went for a more perfect, curved character appearance.It's a kit, so everything is there for you - no thread to buy!Vibrant colors - striking - grabs attention.
I purchased this machine to sew split seams in pants and tops. It is a $39.00 sewing machine. the bobbin is very hard to thread and you get jumbles of thread from the bobbin. Save your $39.00.
do not buy this gun. it wouldn't pull the paint up through the gun. couldn't get it to work, and broke it trying!!!!
I was a little disappointed with this marking pen. I bought it just for simple marking lines and dashes on fabric - but it leaks and runs quite a lot. It gets the job done if I don't have anything else handy, but if you're marking for a long period of time chances are it's going to start running all over your fabric, the pen barrel, and your hand. Messiest marking pen I've used in a long time. That said, it washes out just like it promises too with no "leave behind" - so I suppose that's the saving grace.
There is nothing magnetic about this tape. It would not attract a paper clip unless I placed the clip on the tape; but a slight bump and it falls off. I noticed the 2 reviews that gave this product a 5 said it worked great on paper and photos. Enough said.
I needed several sizes of circular needles that I could afford and this was some that I could use. They are not as smooth as I would like but they work pretty well. I probably wouldn't purchase them again because the yarn tends to drag.
This little kit has everything I need and nothing I don't. I bought this about 4 years ago for a year long backpacking trip around the world. It's light, sturdy and great on the go. I still keep it around and use it from time to time when I need to quickly fix a button or sew something up. Cool stuff
I am an experienced sewist and bought this machine to keep from having to repeatedly change threads. The fatal flaw with this machine is that the lower looper's thread path design is such that the thread slips out every 5 minutes ruining the tension requiring the seam to be resewn. Does anyone know of a remedy? Other than this serious problem, I really like the machine. It's powerful, tension is great, easy to thread, easy to buy parts online, informative instructional CD (and for you new sewists, follow threading instructions exactly to avoid frustration :-), and is definitely good value. Brother needs to change the design, but it's still a good machine and I am glad I have it.
Great opener for the price but if you have a variety of jump rings to open then I suggest you look further. On one side the slats are the same size.
Well, despite the fact that my trimmer fit the size & type description, these were not the refills that I needed. These are FLAT not the cubed bars that my silver bar trimmer takes. I'm out the cost of shipping and the product because this is third party stuff.
This is a nice book and well worth the money; but if you are looking for the &quot;one&quot; field guide my recommendation is to select the National Geographic Society (NGS) Birds of North America or the Golden Field Guide.Here is why. Sibley is very large--about 13 sq inches larger the BNA and 18 sq inches large than Golden, too large to fit in any pocket and it is &quot;heavy&quot;.The art work is good with many more view than either of the other two books, but the descriptive text is very limited.Here is an example: Huttons vireo.There are five pictures in Sibley. Two in NGS and one in Golden. But in my opinion only one of this bird is all that is required. Others may disagree. Sibley has one sentence describing this bird 15 words. NGS has 85 words. Golden, 79 words. All three note that Huttons vireo is similar to the ruby crowned kinglet, but Golden and NGS show you a picture of the kinglet right beside the vireo and explain how to tell them apart. Sibley just says to compare it to the kinglet.
We bought this chair for Xmas for my 6 yr old. It is just the right height for her child-size desk. For use with a standard sized desk it would be too small. It is perfect.
As others have said, these are only really good for very lightweight jewelery like a thin chain, as the magnet isn't very strong at all. All it takes is a light touch to detach the clasp, so it's generally not good for bracelets or anything else that'll be moving about or brushing against things.Since the description claims "These hold as securely as any normal type of clasp" and "The magnets are so strong..." it's difficult to not let this shortcoming weigh heavily on the review.
This product is distributed by Igia (Tactica associate.) Although I love the product, and with correct care it performs just as advertised, I found absolutely NO CUSTOMER SUPPORT from these people. For that reason, I cannot recommend this product. The contact info on the box is useless! I have seen the same offer under other names such as Windstorm, but they all seem to be backed (more correctly, NOT backed) by the Igia/Tactica people. If you want a great product with no support, it is fine, but BUYER BEWARE.
Hard to punch the letter on my tool . I bought the graver , they made better and more easier.
When I first learned how to crochet yarn was cheap since that time the price has risen for a number of reason. I never expected the price to escalate to what it is now. Paying such an exhorbant price I never thought that I would have to constantly cut knots aloose and reattach them.
I bought three easels to replace several we have at my workplace that are broken. Two of the three easels I received from Amazon were not property assebled as the rivets that hold the back leg to the top piece were not attached to the back leg, rendering the tripod easel worthless. The two replacements I received did not have this problem but I would warn customers that Quartet's quality control is lacking. For such expensive easels this was a disappointment.
Good product at a good price without the hassle of going from store to store trying to find the best hole punch. It gets the job done.
i wish to stone was a little longer so you could test more things at once, otherwise it's fine and a good value
I recently started taking sewing classes and after doing a lot of research, I ended up purchasing this machine. It seemed like the best value with all the different presser feet that came with it. This is my second attempt at learning how to sew (got distracted by life the first time), and my second machine. The first machine I had was an older brother with a side bobbin system. I love that this one has a drop in bobbin!I also love the simplicity of using this machine. I am the type of person who will read all the instructions (twice) and then watch videos to make sure I have a concept, so by the time I got around to using the machine, it was a breeze. So far I have completed 7 projects with it and I absolutely love it. I'm not a professional so I don't have much to compare this machine to, however I use it for sewing clothes for myself and my daughter and it works quite well for that purpose. I would recommend this highly for a beginner like me, and also to someone who is upgrading from an older machine.
This machine works once you figure out how to load the bottom bobbin correctly. It was a bit tricky at first and I wanted to give up. It's my first time using a sewing machine.This thing is not made for heavy duty sewing, but I was able to alter a pair of jeans without a hitch. Overall, I'm pleased with this product. It's cheap and it comes with plenty of thread and accessory pre-spooled bobbins. There's a foot pedal so you're hands are free to guide the fabric while sewing. It comes with an adapter, too.I enjoyed using this product. But it took time to figure out how to configure the thread & bobbin settings correctly. Not for impatient people.
I had a bit of an abstract idea for this paper. I bought the 50 sheet pack and tacked it up upon my wall, and have since been drawing a mural of New York City with opaque white markers. For this task the paper was exactly what I needed, being very dark, easily cut, easily sketched/drawn/painted upon, and large. I use only a third of my sheets and covered my entire wall. I would imagine that for any form of typical or atypical arts and crafts this paper should be perfect.
I don't have a sewing table or station so I use this to store my sewing machine. I find it easy to carry my machine up and down stairs.
I love this sewing machine, it's easy to use and understand and comes with a manual that actually answers questions. I've never had a sewing machine before and this super easy to work and understand.
The holes are way too small for most earring wires. If using w/thin wires be careful not to bend the wires.
My wife contacted Brother because the box did not contain the CD that was supposed to contain instructions on how to use the sewing machine. Brother said it needed receipt and proof of purchase from Amazon.The documents were faxed, scanned and e-mailed to Brother. The e-mail was deleted with out being read.Still not resolution.We are sending back the machine to Amazon.
I wanted to make restickable printed stickers out of printer paper. I lathered the glue on, let it dry, and then tried to stick the homemade stickers on glass, cabinets doors, etc. It was barely tacky and would not hold, especially if there was any curve to the item to which I was adhering the sticker. I then put on a second coat and let them dry. They stuck better, but still had problems around curved items (pop bottles, etc.) I finally put a third coat on them and stuck them on wet. They stuck, but then I couldn't get them off. It had a reusable quality for flat surfaces after the two coats, which is why I gave it three stars, however, I finally went to printable sticker paper to make my stickers--a lot less hassle!
I ordered this because it was in gold and silver tone, it came today in silver tone only. I have 2 of each size in silver tone.
I purchased this tool for cutting circles. I found it very difficult to use. As stated in another review, it did not work well with thick cardstock paper but with thin paper. You have to apply pressure to hold it in place (my wrist was sore after using this product). I will be returning this tool for a refund.
My daughter got a tumbler for Christmas. We set it up in January. It was very loud so we moved it into the basement. We set it up on a freezer and it shook off and broke the tumbling barrel. We are searching on-line to find replacement parts but are not having any success. I wish it was easier to find replacement parts and supplies.
I purchased 2 of these at once because of the letters I required. First off, the amount of each letter they put in one package is silly and incorrectly adverstised. In addition to not receiving the actual letters I thought I would, they did not work. The few letters, 2 out of the 12 I attempted to fasten to a hoodie, just fell off when they cooled down. The other ten I tried never stuck in the first place. Just in case you are doubting - yes, I made sure I had the right side down. I gave up on them after 2 hours. I gave the remaining letters to my sister-in-law. She runs a daycare and they do all kinds of crafts all the time. She gave up on them too. She said she had never seen iron on letters not work.~Fun note: I ordered two packages to begin with, both orange, and they showed up different shades of orange.If you decide to purchase these anyway, I sincerely wish you the best of luck. It is always possible I just got a bad batch.
I find myself stuck in a crappy duplex townhouse with a boorish necrophage on the other side who loves to slam his kitchen cabinets around. I bought these to stick on the bottoms of my Anchor-Hocking glass canisters to decrease the cacophony of clinking when he slam-dances into the cabinets on the other side. They work well when they stick -- as someone else described, sometimes they slip right off. I advise carefully washing the surface with soap to clean oils and applying once completely dry.
This pen has a flow problem. It will write for maybe half a page, and then no amount of shaking and pleading will make the ink come out. The barrel cut-out to see the ink cartridge is pretty cool, however I agree with the other commenters that the cut-out edges are needlessly sharp. I would not buy this pen again.
This was a Christmas gift for a watercolor artist who does watercolor batik sometimes. Good product, inexpensive and effective. Fast service.
It is so nice to han g my purse rather then have it on the floor. I love it
******Updated: after trying for a while, saw gray on gray arrows...and was able to use product. Great product once you can move the handle up to punch! Would be 5 stars if better instructions.Great handle, lightweight. However, the handle is SOLDERED into a "locked" position, making this no more than a paperweight. I tried moving the slider to the left, to unlock, as the arrows showed. Alas, when checking underneath, noticed a piece of metal soldered, making it impossible to unlock the handle and actually punch any papers. What good is a three hole paper punch that won't punch paper? None for me.Great amazon service and delivery, but I'll be returning this one. Sometimes, you just need a little punch!
I received this quickly and it was exactly what was advertised. These little boxes are perfect for small gifts - just add a bow!
I expected a little more for the cost. It could have been better.
March 2011 - I'm updating this review based on the heavy use I put it through the past year (downgraded from 4 stars). When I first bought the machine I rarely used it but when I did I completed several projects at once. This past year I started an Etsy shop and found the need for sewing everyday. I'm not talking about making leather bags or premium denim, just your average quilt-weight cottons, some linens, and occasionally heavy interfacing. The machine could not handle thick layers. And while I understand it's not meant to sew through 10+ layers on a consistent basis all I needed was for it to sew through five layers at the handle-to-bag points. The tension became insane, too tight/too loose on either top or bottom stitching and it would not go back, even after I had it "fixed" by a repair shop (for $65). The shop managed to fix the timing however so I could start to reuse it. A month after it's repair the timing broke again. I refuse to pay for another visit to the shop, another$65 and that's basically the cost of this machine!! It's true you get what you pay for. Light projects with intermittent use is the best use for this type of machine.--------------------I bought this machine as a substitute to my grandmother's heirloom Singer. I had some hesitation with a machine that was computerized because I'm very accustomed to the standard knob and dial machines. Overall this is a great piece of equipment.Advantages: Great manual, it will tell you how to do almost everything you'd like to do with the machine. Numerous accessories, several feet, bobbins, and other standard sewing pieces come courtesy of Brother. The ease of switching feet, the automatic threader (which, not to be misleading, you still have to manually wind the thread through the machine, this model comes with an arm that pulls the thread through the needle for you - hence the name). The drop-in bobbin. Goes through most fabrics readily, including double and triple folded materials (with exception of some sturdier fabrics - i.e. leather). One of the quietest motors I've ever worked with. Easy to trouble shoot.Disadvantages: You can only use the bobbin model that comes with the machine, it won't accept any other kinds. The dome light is very dim. The machine also tends to be overly sensitive to you manually poking around. When I first turned on the machine I nudged the needle, to which the LED display immediately flashed an E6 warning (that was an easy fix, I just turned it off then back on). To get all the stitch functions it take some time getting used to the four control buttons. Which, again, not to be misleading the "77" stitches are variations of 35+ standard ones. I also didn't understand I hadn't wound the bobbin thread all the way through either, it resulted in terrible tension control during my first project. You may be trouble shooting a lot until you get to used to the machine. But the majority of the time the problems are simple and once fixed you'll never have that problem again.
I'm a novice sewist who only likes to do fast and easy (weekend) projects. So far, I've made a pair of sleep shorts with elastic; hemmed jeans; fitted baggy t-shirts; and essentially played around with the machine. My father also hemmed a bunch of draperies for my sister's condo and he seemed to like the machine quite a bit.PROS- good number of basic accessories, incl. zipper foot, narrow hem foot, blind hem foot, a few extra needles, one twin needle, three plastic bobbins, extra spool pin, plastic darning plate and screwdriver. Zig zag foot was already installed when I received the unit. All the feet are metal except for a clear plastic "button sewing foot."- "free arm" feature is handy- seems solid enough. I don't mind the plastic, keeps the price down and makes it easier to carry.- also like that it doesn't need much space to store. I made a cover for it w/ approx. measurements 17"x13"x6" --can easily carry w/ one hand due to integrated handle.- foot can be raised about 3/4"- a coin instead of screw driver can be used to tighten needle holder. You could use your fingers, but the screw is small.- handles denim relatively easily, even six layers at a folded hem. keep the back of the foot lifted with a piece of wadded cloth or tilt it carefully with your finger.- robust feed dogs. In fact, I can't imagine using this for sheer cloth, might stretch apartCONS- louder than I expected from reviews- no quilting feet are included (I don't mind, given you get a lot of other accessories, but some might)- there isn't much space on the right side of the foot if you need to pass your project "through" the machine- threader only seems to work for size 11 and 14 needles; it's okay, I keep a wire needle threader on the side for jeans needles- selection dial feels fragile. Might break under heavy use- no setting to have the needle automatically stay up or down when you stop sewing. You'll need to manually turn the (too small) handwheel. Might not be that great for people with arthritis- foot pedal is best operated barefoot to get the most finesse. It has little middle range and likes to go at 80mph on the least provocation.POTENTIAL THREAD TENSION PROBLEMSThis machine is indeed "tempramental," as another reviewer put it. If you have tension problems:- metal class 15 bobbins seem to work a little better than plastic when dealing with finicky tension problems, but then you lose the advantage of being able to see your bobbin thread levels. The manual continually harps on using the correct bobbins though, so remember: do as the manual says and not as I do. :)- the tension screw for the bobbin appears to be locked in place with a dab of green enamel paint, so you can't mess with it.- be sure that the bobbin thread is properly threaded under and through a small metal tab under the plastic guide. If you take the bobbin case out, you'll see the metal tab.- be sure you're threading with the presser foot up- give the upper thread a gentle tug as you thread through point 2 (near the top of the machine) to make sure the thread "seats" itself between the tension discs- rethread the upper all over againOnce the tension's been resolved, this machine sews beautifully...until it doesn't...but so far mostly good. I'm not very experienced, so it could be that I wasn't following proper threading procedure previously--but it does seem my grandmother's ancient White sewing machine was forgiving compared to this one.OVERALL:Buy if the machine is on sale for cheap; you expect to use a straight stitch most of the time, as the tensioning problems won't be as obvious if they happen; you don't need to sew sheer cloth; you're okay with troubleshooting potentially frequent thread tension problems; you want a light machine with a good number of accessories that can handle denim. I think it's a contender for around one hundred-ish dollars. (I got it for somewhat less than that during one of Amazon's Gold Box deals.) Best of luck to those who choose this machine--you may need it!
My husband and I are becoming more interested in birds and bird watching. This book was recommended to us by a friend. It was just the book I needed, and Amazon had it available. I would highly recommend this book!
On the picture online, the color looked like green and white thread. It has no color, alot thicker than it looks and alot bigger. Very happy with purchase.
Super thin so it easily sticks statically as advertised, but didn't erase very well even with brand new dry erase markers. One time use would be ok, but that's not much benefit over normal paper flip charts.
I really enjoy two cover versions on this album. "Bridge Over Troubled Water" is emotional but not over wrought. "Making Love Out Of Nothing At All" is just as or even more powerful than Air Supply's version.
I lost some weight and didnt want to throw away my belts that were very expensive... I also didnt want to put a hole in my belt with just anything because the stress created at the puncher point could start ripping. So I did some research and found out about this leather hole punch tool. This works great. It looks professional. And the hole is strong.
Not at all what I expected. I thought it would be much bigger. I have one that is bigger and I thought it was the same thing.
This archival mist seems to serve its purpose, but only time will really tell. The only problem I have with this product is that the amount of fluid you get does not match the price you pay. This bottle will provide no more than 5 papers worth of spraying, which is why I think it is really overpriced.
Decided to forgo a Black-Friday-cheaper, less versatile machine and am very glad I did. This is perfect for a newbie, yet has enough features to experiment with for some time. I stitched together big University-themed pillows for sons and hemmed a pair of jeans already. Very clear instructions - I was sewing in minutes. The free arm feature and the selection of extra feet has already proven useful.
Good quality canvas, but I had difficultly with acrylics and water colors. You have to use a lot of paint with acrylics to get it to look nice. I would recommend these for oils or other thinker paints. Oh and they have a really weird smell, not a big deal but if you've got a sensitive nose it will bother you. Price wise this is a really nice deal.
I bought it because in the pictures it looked as though waistband buttons were being attached. No such luck. The little plastic "threads" can't reach through the waistband tab of a pair of slacks -- and probably can't be used for any other attaching on heavy duty fabrics.
It is easy to read and seems very durable. I have had this for a few months now and not had any problems with it at all.
This is the item I was looking for.I found a Badger Airbrush compressor at a garage sale.Its hose was broken and I had a hard time finding the right one.This one connects a Badger Airbrush compressor with a BadgerAirbrush. Quality seems very good since it is from the original manufacturer.
This box is just the right size for keeping supplies for someone who sews on occasion, or for light travel. It fits all the essentials and a bit more. If you are a serious sewing enthusiast, you'll probably quickly run out of space for thread.
Per package contains &lt;5% lead - but there's still lead which can cause birth defects. Also it's not good on light weight fabrics as the snaps are pretty robust.
This glue gun is a great idea with poor execution. The refill glue sticks don't feed in well and the trigger doesn't advance them well. Maybe get better version.
what can I say? glue sticks are glue sticks! What could be wrong with glue sticks? Small and easy to store
With 20 years experience with sergers, I could not get this one to serge. Have since learned from serviceman that this model gets out of adjustment, which would equate to increased cost for the maintenance required. This off-site seller has not responded to inquiry for refund and return. Unhappy experience.
the Brother machine I bought came with a cover---it was not evident on the details...so I wasted $20. don't bother.
the black looked faded on one side and it was very light weighted however it arrived in good time and packaged well
A pair I purchased several years ago had a much more solid feel to it. I contacted Fiskars and was informed that this product was manufactured in CHINA. This product was flimsy and bendable when used.
Purchased it yesterday and returning it today as it's the worst toy I've purchased for my son this year. The crayons fall out almost every time he draws with them. Gave up on using the holders and just used the crayons but they broke apart easily and then disintegrated significantly in the water. The sponge included didn't clean up well at all. I've wasted my time and money with this thing. Don't waste yours.
I was searching for a good dye for nylon, the product says it is great. I tried it, did everything it asked, and no good results, poor product.
This paper came poorly packaged and the box was bursting at the seams. When I opened it the packaging on each and every pack of paper was torn open.
The paper is good, I can't find anything wrong with it. I using it for my college photography class, and the printer they have has a gloss optimizer on it, so that makes it glossy instead of luster, but that isn't the papers fault. When I first opened the package, I tried to tear the bag only to have someone tell me that the top is just a flap that closes again. It is pretty heavy paper. It is a good product.
Don't get me wrong, I actually enjoy this product. For me, it has worked really well on a number of fabrics. BUT, when I order a pink blindly from their catalog, I expect it to be an actual pink. This "pink" is actually more of a fuchsia or maroon. I would expect their pink to be almost a baby pink or cotton candy pink, but this isn't. If you are looking for more of a baby pink, you are honestly going to have to buy the fluorescent pink and then add a bunch of white to it.
I am not a susie homemaker and only use a sewing kit for random buttons or slight tears in clothing. This is PERFECT for that. Everything I need to do &#34;small touch up jobs&#34;. Thread is good quality and the case is easy to keep in a bathroom drawer for easy storage and EASY to find! Not a bad item!
I ordered this machine yesterday around 2 pm and this morning at 11 am it was on my doorstep!!!! Amazon really did a great job of delievering exactly what I wanted way ahead of time!This product is amazing and unlike any sewing machine I've had before. I highly recommend this product to anyone looking for a high quality machine for a great price.Go get yours now!!
You do not have to worry about burning yourself with this torch because the odds are it will not be lit. I bought one to use as a lighter and could not have been more disappointed. The only way it will work is if it is on full, so the flame adjustment is useless. When it does light it will blow out for no apparent reason.This is the worst "Torch" or lighter that I have ever owned.Do not waste your money.
I have not sewn for many, many years and this machine is a nice welcoming return to sewing or for learning. The speed control is nice when you are building confidence with kids. One of the safety features is, was that it would not sew with the presser foot up, well, it does, so I might get a little hesitant to leave a inexperienced youngster on it. As for the case, it is nice with the little bit of storage. Being able to attach it to the arm is great to have a wide flat surface off of the arm, but if you don't have an ironing board or lot of table space it can get in the way. As for the motor, I haven't sewed any super heavy items but has been handling the medium with ease.
Wow! Amazon is selling Lion Brand Jiffy for $9.20? It's regular price at Jo-ann's is $3.99, I believe. I just went to Joann.com, and Jiffy waslisted as $3.29 reg. price.
Nice, but nothing to write home about. Good quality, but you could probably find something better for the money.
This probably wont last long. I used it with the Olfa deluxe rotary cutter for about 40 cuts and I can see lots of areas where it wont be &#34;self-healing&#34;. I doubt this will last very long before its covered in ridges and cracks that ruin perfect straight cuts.
I'm very happy with my purchase of sewable Swedish tracing paper. So far I have used it for tracing patterns. I have no doubt that it would be great to actually sew it, but I have not yet tried that. I will most certainly buy it again.
The scissors are great as my wife is left-handed andhas some trouble sometimes with everything being right-handed.The scissors were received a day or so later than plannedbut the issue was taken care of perfectly and professionally.I am very happy with how I was able to order quickly and howthe product meets all expectations.
I ordered the luster paper but was sent the matte. Kind of a big hassle.
Decent machine, but seems to have a little problem... The power switch only controls the light. If you accidentally touch the foot pedal, even when you think the machine is off, it will start sewing. I added an external power switch and am getting used to it.
Sorry I bought this item!! "Don't waste your money!" Totally recommend AMAZON & company I purchased from-just not PED-Basic!! I wanted to use different fonts other than on what's on my machine-took me 2 days to figure how to save, unzip, and view files in the PED. Uninstalled and downloaded drivers off of internet and everything! NOW can't use but one font at a time on machine-won't let me use whole name. Keeps deleting font I've adjusted. I've spent $30 on different fonts to get different sizes-kept getting error "embroidery card can not be used with this machine" I so wanted to learn how to embroidery using a beginner machine-didn't want to put a lot of money in an expensive machine if it was something I really didn't enjoy-wish I had gone and bought a more expensive embroidery machine (with usb port) because I've probably spent in total as much as one would have cost me.
I bought the set at a local art store with a 50% off coupon. I paid 40.00 and I feel I still paid way too much. The box is cheap, I had to glue a divider in place as soon as I got it home. The paint is fine, but a cardboard shoe box would have worked as well as the one I got.
problems with it from day one with tension, needle, material catchingin mechanism. I am ready to throw the darn thing out.
I have used this product many times before & have always been pleased. The price was the best around.
I have old pencils and being Scot, I like to save money.. In this case I only use my Prismacolored Pencils...they are the best!
These blades fit my rotary cutter (KAI RS-45) and made nice smooth cuts through the fabric. BUT, they scar my Olfa "self-healing" cutting mat. So, I would not recommend them if you plan to use them on a cutting mat. In contrast, I recently purchased replacement blades made by Olfa (45MM also fit my cutter) and no scarring.
Well, here I am one more dissatisfied customer! You would think someone from Singer would read these and do something about it!! "It Really Sews!" I think we could get them on false advertising. What a crock and waste of time and money. Please do yourself and your child a favor, "DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT!!" The frustration and dissapointment is not worth it. Another Duped Customer.
I am a quilter and have a collection of thimbles. This review presents the comparison of the thimbles along with images of how they fit.Clover Leather Thimble set is made out of hard leather on top and plastic insert under it (the pink part). It is comfortable to wear, but the string that holds it together broke the first time I tried to use it (I was able to fix it by sewing it together). When I saw it in the store I liked its shape and thought I could use it to protect the tip of my finger (see photo of how I wanted to wear it) but they don't get much use as found something less fragile that works better.I am attaching comparison and pictures of the thimbles in my collection. In one image you can see the thimbles by themselves, and in another picture of how they fit on my fingers. The numbers in the images correspond to the numbers below.1. Leather thimble with a metal plate (marked #1 in the photos) is my favorite, most versatile thimble. Because it is leather it become shaped to your finger and gets more and more comfortable with use. The metal plate on the tip allows to push through and not hurt your finger. It does not have an opening at the top, so it may not work for those who have long nails.2. All leather thimble (marked #2 in the photos) is extremely comfortable, but because it has no metal parts it provides less protection. I often use it as a second thimble on the hand to protect another finger because it does not get in a way. It has an opening at the top, so it works for those who have long nails.3. Strip thimbles (marked #3 in the photos, the product in this listing) turned out not to be very useful. The leather itself can be penetrated by the needle, the pink plastic insert does protect the finger. However the string that holds thimble together on the back broke very quickly. I was able to repair them by stitching them together on the back to replace the string that broke. As you see from the photo they don't cover the very tip of the finger, so they did not work well for me.4. Plastic thimble provides good protection, but hard plastic makes it a bit hard to work with. So I usually put it on only when my needle is stuck and needs an extra push. It has an opening at the top, so it would work for someone with long nails.5. Thimble #5 is a thimble I made myself out of band-aid wrapped around my finger. I needed to protect my thumb, and my home made thimble worked best. If you have hard time finding a good thimble, give it a try making it yourself out of Nexcare bandages. They seem to hold the shape well, and I could put my home-made thimble on and off, so I could re-use.6. Thimble #6 was a thumb thimble I bought, but I found that it got in the way because it was a bit too long and made my hands less agile. It has no opening at the top, so it might work for people with long nails.So if you have to buy one thimble I would go with leather thimble with a metal plate.Ali Julia review
le recomiendo este producto a todos, excelente atencion por parte del vendedor y mucha rapidez al entregar el paquete. muy bien
Kind of disappointed with this, there aren't a ton of easy patterns and the ones that are in the book are pretty basic and not very creative. There are cute sweater patterns but I don't think I am there yet, so we'll see. Left wanting more.
I needed a new pair of scissors to cut snowflakes with. I trashed my other pair even with sharpening. Have to say I love Fiskars.
that's very bad stickers, the pug faces are very ugly, they look like aliens
I was given a one of a kind vase that I havent been able to display because our cat is a climber, with an established path of destruction in his wake.The vase I wanted to secure has a wide base and isnt very tall, so I thought the putty might work well to give it some stability if it happened to get brushed with an errant tail. Unfortunately, this was not to be.I followed the directions and still had a hard time even manipulating the shape of the putty, almost as though it had been sitting on a shelf for too long and had gone stale (if that makes any sense). I couldnt get it to stick to the vase or the surface underneath it, at all. It was a complete waste for me, very disappointing.
Great Product, Great Price, what can I say!!! Fast Shipping. I would recommend. Thank you, thank you, Thank you... I will buy this again.
I have one of these and it STINKS. Its bobbin thread is never the right tension and I can only sew with cotton fabrics. The needle will unthread its self easily and it doesn't do long seams well. I have to pray that it will do what I want when I use it. I plan on getting a new sewing machine as soon as possible.
I have a 16yo son that asked for colored pencils for school. They have lots of mathematical drawing to do w/ graphing and he needed 'basic' colored pencils. He also does some drawing on his own, characters, cartoons. What better way than to expand on the 'basic set' to help encourage his creative side. After reviewing prices and brands in our area I checked Amazon and found this great set on sale at about half what I would pay in our area. And this was not a 'basic set'. 54 Pencils, not just basic colors, but shades of many colors. They came in a sturdy plastic tray, and arrived when they said they would, packaged with other order items, everything came on time. I also had Amazon Gift Cards so these ended up free. The sale price helped stretch the gift card value. These are an excellent value for the price, number and amount of colors in this set. I couldn't beat this in any store. Very happy.
Seriously, right? It's a laser on a scissor. Once you get past the fact that running with them is now dangerous to any retina within laser beam distance, you soon realize that using a guide to cut that moves with the scissor is a rather silly idea. Sure you're cuts will be laser straight, but if your hand isn't, well, then...you get the idea.
Because the videos are outdated and out of sequence, and the manual is difficult to follow (for example there are sometimes more steps illustrated then described in the written steps, and the illustrated and written steps are often on different pages), it is hard to get up and running, especially if you have to rethread the machine (I'm on my 5th try). I had to look online for more helpful information/videos and just ordered a book (The Complete Serger Handbook) so I hope that helps. I have been sewing for many years and have never been so frustrated with a machine.
Way too expensive for what the product is - found at half the price at other locations. Feel cheated!
The crack was on the back of the table lip and can not be seen as it is against the wall. It is a nice space for sewing or other needs and extremely sturdy and strong.
would have been nice if it had come complete....the red handled knife was missing the piece that holds the blade in place.it is a half-circle in shape and screws onto the metal at the top of the knifedo i have to return the entire kit?
I bought this Brother serger as my first one. I have never serged before and am very excited yet intimidated by the whole concept. It was delivered sooo quickly, ordered on Sun. w/ free shipping and it was at my door on Tuesday. Way before I ever expected it. Threading was pretty easy since the diagrams are on the machine. Ok, here's where I'm struggling. I try to start slowly but the machine won't go. It just kind of revs up until I push down really hard and then it flies and I can't control my fabric. It's completely different from my sewing machine b/c there is no gradual speed. It's all or nothing. Is this normal? It's absolutely impossible to sew a curved seam b/c I have no control. I'm so bummed b/c everyone says how great this machine is. Either I'm an idiot(which I'm not) or I've got a lemon. I'll keep messing w/ it and post again if I figure it out. The straight seems look very professional.
I like this darning foot, although the one I got was NOT the one in the picture. I'm not too worried about it though because it works just fine. I don't know that it is actually made by singer or not, but it works, so I'm happy. I don't have anything negative to say about the one I received, except (again) it is not the one in the picture.
I bought the Knot a Quilt for my 6 and 8 year old for a long car drive hoping to give them something to do. They loved the idea of making their own blanket, but had a hard time doing it for a long period of time without any help. My eight year old had a little trouble with it, and my six year old needed help with keeping the knots in order, it was frustrating for her.Overall, they liked it but I would recommend it for 9+ age group.
Fast Shipping, but i would recommend the original tacky glue. Even though it says clear the original tacky glue also leaves a clear mark. It was really messy since the container was way softer than the origional tacky glue one.
Ok, this wasn't the size that I wanted. However, I called about sending back and spoke to Eric. He was super helpful and friendly. I sent it back and received an email stating my account had been refunded. They were great to work with!
This hole punch works great - I just was expecting something larger so people could write a message on the leaf.
I like having the high and low temperature. It works well, except for the part where it drips like a son of a gun. The photo they show of it in the stand (in which I have a difficult time getting it to stay in place)would have your entire glue stick dripping through the gun until it was all gone. I try to prop it up so that it is pointing up instead of down, but still have problems with it. I hate the waste of glue that happens with all the drippings, plus it gets quite messy.
Just what I was looking for to add holes to my belt. The prongs were nice and sharp and penetrated easily through the leather. I am satisfied with this purchase.
Leave it to the C@#$%&* TO F@#* up what used to be a very practical and innovative little gadget that was nice to own. What we can make in 3 parts, it takes them 25, 20 which are unnecessary. After the initial charging and dis-assembling some of the unnecessary parts, I was able to use it and it did do a decent job. The lint chamber is pretty small. I gave this product 2 stars. Not recommended for the impatient!
Gun I ordered didn't work. Emailed jacks and they refunded my money the next day. I messed with the gun and it turned out the plunger on the tube wasn't working. Bought a 15$ one at harbor freight and out the tube on the. Neiko and now it's working just fine.
I bought one of these for each of my children (7 and 4) for Christmas and we were disappointed that this did not come as advertised. The description says it comes with 24 oil pastels and 20 crayons... Well, it came with 24 crayons labeled as oil pastels and NO oil pastels. My daughter was specifically looking for oil pastels and was very disappointed when the "Oil Pastels" just turned out to be crayons. Instead of the oil pastels advertised there were water colors in one side. I had to go to an art store the day after Christmas and purchase what was supposed to be in this set to begin with.
Big mistake purchasing this. This is not a chest - it is 8 inches by 16 inches. This is a very small box. Way overpriced for a simple unfinished wooden box. Adhesive could not be removed from corners after corner protectors removed.Poor choice.
This was shipped in a sealed plastic container to prevent any moisture from affecting the paper. Looks great. However, i purchased this as part of a gift so I did not open it to see the quality.
I used the points to mount in frames made from material ranging from soft pine to hard maple. Their shape seemed to allow my gun to drive them to an acceptable depth in all materials. However, there were numerous cases where the points simply fell out, even when fully seated to depth. I think this is just a failing of most framers points in general, due to their shape/method of insertion. IMHO, they would function better if they had some kind of barbs or mechanical design that would allow them to go in but not easily pull out.The only advantage of the looseness, is that it did allow me to easily remove them when I had to make some changes to the work being framed. Perhaps that's the reason for this design? None the less, I do have some reservations as to whether the points will stay in if a frame, if it is subjected to light shock. That has not happened to date, but I'll update if it does.
I'm an experienced seamstress and have used a small Singer machine and a heavy-duty Singer machine before for years. I bought this machine because of the good reviews. I have used it over the last 2 months and sewing different fabric types. It is very easy to thread. Setting different stitch styles, stitch length and width, and winding bobbins are very simple and easy to do. The only problem I have had is the flaky design of the bobbin case and cover. I noticed this from the first time I placed the bobbin in the case. The way the bobbin cover closes made me wonder if it would hold up when sewing. Well, it didn't pop out as I thought until the bobbin case got somehow misaligned while I was sewing and the it popped out. I stopped fast enough not to break any needle and spent some time to get the case back in place. I have never seen the bobbin case misaligned in my previous machines, though in the old machines, it was more difficult to drop in the bobbin. After putting the bobbin case back, I was able to sew like normal though the tension is not that great even with adjustments suggested in the manual. A couple of times, I did get a big chunk of thread jam on the bottom of my fabric for no reason but the flaky design of the bobbin case which seemed to start moving out of alignment.For this reason, I will return the machine and might not buy another Brother machine again.
You know, I think it's time for Ms. Tyler to realize that she is not a biker chick anymore (was she ever?) and face the fact that it's time to grow up. Even with the raspy, damaged sound of her voice, her vocals can be extraordinary, but here, she sounds merely tired and used. Songs like &quot;Sexual Device&quot; wouldn't even cut it on an 18 year old's disc let alone the middle aged Ms. Tyler's. It's time for some new, more sophisticated song writers and producers to get this recording artist's career back into gear and let us hear what she's truly capable of. For shame.
The bag contained a sampling of quilling papers (very short, no room for mistakes or practice) and a few poorly photocopied, inane instructions. There are no copyrights on the instructions, so who knows where they came from? You can buy more quilling paper for the money and find better instructions for free on the Internet. I will be more wary of these kinds of "kits" in the future.
I asked for this machine from my boyfriend for a christmas gift. I'm 25 and the last time I used a sewing machine was in 7th grade for home ec. I am interested in making tshirt quilts and random bags for fun. Maybe some curtains if I feel ambitious. Anyhow, the instructions were somewhat helpful. Some parts were really clear and others could have used some work. However, I played with the machine for a while and ripped up some of my boyfriends old shirts to try working with, and quickly figured it out. One complaint I have is that sometimes when I start to press on the foot pedal my thread comes undone from the needle and I spend quite a bit of time rethreading it. Although, now that i've done it so many times it isn't that bad. I would say this is a great machine for a starter, i've made two reversable bags so far, and i'm looking forward to using the machine to quilt.
Given, I can agree it's not the greatest crayon designed for the tub on the market, but we have also used the Crayola brand tub crayons, and I prefer this brand over those for several reasons.1. It will actually erase off of my walls and tub (and I don't have tile, rather a thin waterproof wallpaper type wallcovering) and a plastic type material tub (we have a mobile home).2. Even though they has been poured on, dunked, and drop 100's of times, the crayons will still have a longer lasting lifetime than the other brands.3. Though faulty packaging to hold it in (I replaced the package with a plastic drinking glass from the kitchen) and it being smaller than the crayon holder, the crayon is actually bigger than most, and doesn't disolve as easily when used, so it lasts longer in that sense as well.And yes there are cons, like the fact that it falls out. But that I can live with. What I can't is the permanent letter B on my wall because I couldn't get the Crayola brand to come off after leaving it up there for a week (we have been using the tub wall and crayons to help our daughter learn to write her letters). I never had this issue with this brand.To the reviewer who posted about teaching children to write on walls was an improper thing to do, yes you are correct. But there is also such a thing as boundaries to set with your children, and as long as they know those boundaries, parents should have no problem (my children have been using regular crayons to draw and color with since about 12 months old, and I have never had the issue of drawings on anything but what they know they are allowed to draw on). I love that I have a permanent canvas for them to draw on that can be erased, and doesn't have a space limit, so they can practice the way a child is meant to learn, starting big, and then going smaller.These have indeed been one of the best set of crayons for the tub, and I will purchase them in the future verses the other brands.Oh, and the duck sponge is useful, as well as cute.
The ruler comes with a little booklet on cardstock with basic advice for using it. I'm a math person, so I find it really easy to use and understand, but I can see how it may be confusing for others. I also bought Marti Mitchell's book that goes with it, which is good and helpful, but it arrived later, and I was impatient. I recommend the book for ideas, but wait until you get it! I just started buying fabric, which ended up being very foolish as I loved a different pattern than I thought I would, which made my purchases unuseable.When it comes down to it, the ruler is great and the book is helpful. Go for it. I will make lots of kaleidoscope quilts in the future, they are fun to cut and make. The book has instructions on how to keep the block flatter where all 8 pieces meet, but I find it a bit confusing, I'm probably not doing it right, and my blocks are still a bit bulky.
We are happy with the great service. They cut well. My husband likes to cut all packaging into small pieces and these work great for that.
I had to do an arts and crafts project for a camp I was part of the medical staff team. We used stencils, after doing the project I thought it would be a great way to do very personal gifts for friends and family.
The safety pins were adequate, but they weren't as sturdy as I would have liked. The size was just right.
Bought this gun hoping that it would give me great glue. The shape, fit, feel are all very comfortable. Switchable hi/low switch separate from on/off switch was great. Color changing LED to tell you when it's ready was great. Trigger and glue feed work really well. My gripes and they're big: it takes forever to heat up and and you can only get a small amount of glue through it before you have to wait for a while for it to heat up more glue. Even on the high setting. Dremel has what could be a GREAT hot glue gun, but it's significantly underpowered.
The product is good and meets expectations. I'm glad I bought this product. As a suggestion, try to lower prices. Thanks.Regards fron Colombia.
It punches great, it works are described. I can punch so many papers now with ease. No more lame school hole punches for me!
I wanted to buy four chairs to make up a set with a table I have. Why in the world would I be limited to buying only 3 chairs of the same color? I placed the order hoping to then purchase a single chair but the order was denied. There was nothing obvious on the order site indicating that there were limited quantities, so what's the deal?
Dottie fans unite!!! I bought these stickers for my sister's birthday, and this gift received more attention then her new MP3 player!!!!! Whether you are looking to use these items to scrapbook or just to hang on your fridge, this gift is a MUST HAVE!!!
I bought these to iron on the inside of the knees of all my kids jeans to try to prevent the holes that inevitably appear. Unfortunately they are all peeling off after one wear/wash. As another reviewer speculated, maybe they aren't designed to work in high friction areas, or areas of clothing which endure a lot of stretching, but isn't that where you'd naturally need a patch?
Easy for my 4 year old to get, he enjoyed the puzzle in the middle. I like how you can make it a little different as they get used to the basic game by adding in the planting phase. Only issue I had was game board was a little wrinkled where it attached to board, but was still fine to use.
This adhesive remover is the best so far, I have tried other brands and other products but no one compares to the power of this Pen remover. I usually remove very old stickers, which have been place longer than 10 years, without to much trouble. I really recomend this product.
This yarn is soft but that is the best I can say about it. I crocheted a baby blanket with it and thought I would never get through the project. There were long sections of the yarn where the splitting and bunching up of fibers was so bad I felt like I was trying to manipulate clouds of cobwebs. I had to press on because there was no way of determining by sight or touch where the bad areas began and ended. If I could have known I would have cut the bad sections out. I had to re-do stitches two, three, even four or five times in spite of proceeding VERY slowly and with extreme care . On another web site there were many negative reviews of this yarn but there were good ones too and the few reviews on Amazon were favorable so I decided to go ahead and order. Big mistake. The tediousness and frustration of working with this yarn displaced the enjoyment of creating the blanket and this was a blanket for my first grandson so you gotta' figure things had to be pretty bad to crush the pleasure of making this blanket. Maybe the yarn works well for knitting. I threw the left over yarn in the trash and that's saying something considering what a penny pincher I am. I hope if I am some day compelled to make another baby item that there are other easier to work with soft yarns available
Got it in plently of time, but the zipper I needed to fix was wider than anything if this. Otherwise, good job.
brilliant colors, easy to clean up and last forever. I use this paint for art therapy on a regular basis and feel like the paint never runs out. Just got a new order for my second job.
The kit I received is by something called "Art Alternatives" not "Pro Art" like the description said, on top of that the tools were light wood and not stained. I am grateful to have received a tool kit at all. I did not return it due to pure laziness and have already started using them, they work like they should. I have not used my ribbon tools yet but they look fine other than the fact that they don't look like the picture.
This is one of the ones I use the most. The fonts are really cute and I like the style. I love to use it on my Cricut Design.
This table jumps when I sew a fast stitch on my sewing machine while it is on this table. So much so that when I sew on the machine on the table, my scissors and pins will bounce right off the table onto the floor. I sew a lot and needed a table for my new machine. It was actually so difficult to see what I was sewing when the table was jumping that I finally switched it with my serger machine that I don't use much and juts use it as a flat surface table as the opening is not big enough for the serger.Also, when I had my straight stitch machine on the table and dropped it down to sew level with the table my knees would hit the dropped part when I sat up to the table to sew. It is difficult to change from a dropped position to a level position fast. You have to completely remove the machines cords and I also removed the machine to make sure it didn't fall.I would not recommend this to anyone wanting to use it for a sewing machine.
Love the heavy duty capabilities of the punch. The only problem I've noticed is that it one of the hole punches does not release completely after the downward punch but I have got around this by lifting the handle upon completion of the punch so the paper removes smoothly.
Basic test kit. Good for starters/beginners. Not really quality anything, everything just basic lol. I believe the price was reasonable. Acids tested correctly.
This was a monster of a machine. It was difficult to thread and would bunch thread coming up from the bobbin. I'm pretty mechanically inclined and just could not solve the problem.I eventually replaced with a low end Brother machine and have been happily sewing ever since.
This was a Christmas gift for a friend. She loved it. Very cute picture and came with everything needed. Thanks
This is the best paper on the market and the price is a great deal for the amount you get.
If you don't sew too much it's a good little machine, but oh so frustrating to change the bobbin and every time you use the thread cutter the presser foot falls off. If I looked closer on this machine I would never have bought it, I would have made sure the bobbin loads from the top. If you want to put this machine in a sewing table, you have to crawl under the table to change bobbin. To thread a new bobbin you have to rethread...........summary. good for once in a while sewing and mending,priced good,but not user friendly.
This is definitely NOT a 30X Loupe, it may not even be a 10X. It doesn't matter what price it is b/c if it doesn't work then you just bought paper weight. Save yourself the time and effort and look for a bood Belomo, atleast you'll be able to see with it.
This item was not as nice as I expected it to be. The instructions are only one small piece of paper front and back. Someone who has no experience with a knitting spool might need more explanation. The box shows pictures of different animals you can make, but there are no instructions on how to make the animals. The knitting needle included is flimsy cheap plastic, and although the knitting spool seems like good quality, the painted flowers on it are smeared. The yarn is very cheap acrylic. My daughter still liked this item, but i gave her different yarn and a different needle.
I bought the Red Devil tool from Amazon to cut some Polycarbonate and Acrylic sheets of various sizes and thicknesses. The concept is great, but the tool was SO DULL when it came that it did NOT work. The first cut I made failed (the acrylic sheet broke in pieces). I took a closer look at this cutting tool and discovered it was too dull to scribe the line properly. I happen to own a good metal file and so I sharpened the Red Devil tool. After that, it worked great. So, if you buy one... check that it is sharp before you ruin a $45 sheet of Acrylic like I did!
it took a few tries to get it right. buttons have lasted a couple of washes now. happy thus far!! price was good, so not much money invested.
Got this set for a plastic model ship I'm building. I really needed the flat ended blade in this set and the others seemed like a bonus. When I got it, it had rust on a couple of the blades. Rust doesn't usually seem to be a big deal and it didn't cover the whole blade so I shrugged it off. I got the flat end out and went to work on the ship. They bend really easily so going at a 45 degree angle trying to shave off some plastic proved to be difficult. The end of the flat edged blade also had some dings in it. I don't know if this set had been used before or just came like that but either way it wasn't very impressive. I've managed to finish what I needed the flat edge blade for but it took a lot longer than it should have. I have an X-Acto knife and the blade is at least twice as thick as these. It works much better than these ones do but cost about the same as this whole set did.The only plus to getting this is the case and the magnet in the case that holds the blades. The blades are thin and flimsy, the case needs a bit of a tweak to close it, the handles don't seem to hold the blades firmly, and there was rust on some of them. I didn't expect much for $5 and I didn't get much (quality) for $5. Still, it did do the job I needed it to but I don't know if I'll be using it anymore.
This is great stuff to decorate your table with for parties, kids can play and write or draw on it... Loved it and it does well for adult parties too instead of table cloths...
Works OK on thinner papers, but it's very difficult to get a good cut without skipping any parts of the circle when you're using thicker paper. Thought I would be able to use this for my wedding invitations, but it isn't getting the job done.
I love Prismacolor pencils and have used them in the past. My disappointment lies in the fact that the tin they came in was dented and scratched. The damage didn't happen during shipping. . .it was apparent that the damaged product was placed in the box before shipping. Shame on Amazon for shipping damaged goods.
An excellent carving knife. Very sharp out of the tube it comes shipped in. The handle is good fit even if the finish is minimal. The knife is ready to strop and carve as it is received. Be sure to order the thumb and finger guard at the same time to save money and fingers because of numerous slips on the wood and my fingers are cut up. Well recommended for the first time carver.No cons found in this item or the company that sells it.
perfect for the beadier, jewelry designer. GOBS of colors, variety unmatched for the price. a great buy, and fast delivery, packaging good, colors are electric! i would buy them again if needed later on, and still available. can't beat this!
Fast and reliable, works like a charm for both 2 and 3 hole punches. I find I can do up to 20 pages at at time. I love it!
If this easel had not been 50% off I would have gone with a smaller one. It was relatively easy to assemble; my husband did it in under an hour with a manual and electric screwdriver. DD loved and still loves to color on it. I love the roll of paper; I attached a binder clip to the top of the paper to keep DD from unrolling too much. The cups are great for holding crayons, markers, pens, etc. We have not used the chalk side, b/c as I rethought it, I don't want chalk dust in my house and no paint yet. It's large enough to give DD a big coloring space and when she first got it she would climb in the middle and sit on the top shelf. The shelves are sturdy as I have the bottom one loaded with paper, coloring books and more crayons. For one child a smaller easel would be more appropriate or even jut a table, but we have #2 on the way and it will be nice to have 2 sides for them. It's a cute easel and we'll roll it outside in the sunshine some days.
It says 6 and up but most 6 year olds are not going to want to put in all the work. There are a ton of knots to tie and my 6 year old is still learning to tie them. Even if she was good at tying knots I don't think she'd have the patience to tie all the knots. So either they should've made fewer ties or made it smaller overall. I guess we can split it and have two baby blankets, one we can save to do another time but I think they should've said 8+.
The shoes took a long time to arrive and then were too small. Sent them back and reordered, and the next size was also too small. The size is not as represented. Had to go buy running shoes for the boy someplace else.
Westcott Straight Titanium Scissors with New Handle Design, 8-Inch, Two per PackThese Westcott (ACME) scissors are a good choice for inexpensive, light-duty scissors. The price for these scissors is ridiculously low, yet they perform well. The blades are very (very) sharp and cut light material with ease. You should not expect such inexpensive scissors to perform like industrial-grade shears costing much, much more.These scissors are good for cutting paper (three sheets at most, I would guess), cloth (one layer with pattern), soft plastic (up to six mils I would guess), very light cardboard (like a Priority Mail envelope), tape, thread, string, yarn, soft-stem flowers, etc. These scissors would be perfect for the office or for a first aid kit (for cutting tape, gauze, and clothing). With plastic handles, these scissors weigh less than conventional all-metal scissors; therefore, they are a good choice for backpack utility kits.These scissors are NOT appropriate for cutting heavy cardboard (such as an Amazon box), stiff plastic (like product packaging, tie-downs, or zip ties), several layers of cloth, hard flower stems (such as roses), or poultry. These activities require medium-duty or heavy duty scissors-shears costing considerably more money. If you use these Westcott light-duty scissors for anything other than "light duty," they will probably break at the pivot point. If you want scissors that are appropriate for the above activities, then check out my list of (more expensive) scissors-shears at the end of this review. Actually, you might have more luck performing searches for "shears" rather than "scissors."Another option for light-duty scissors isScotch Precision Scissor, 8-Inches (1448). I previously purchased the Scotch Precisions scissors to cut electrical tape; they are also very good scissors considering their low price. Another good choice for a first-aid-kit scissor is thePrestige Medical Fluoride Scissor, Black, 5 1/2 Inch.Prior to receiving these scissors, I previously had seven Westcott scissors; they all continue to perform well after many years. My favorite scissors are my Westcott Precision Kleencut 12-inch (6.75 inch cut) scissors/shears. They are over twenty years old and will (as long as I keep sharpening them) cut just about anything, including heavy cardboard and heavy plastic. I wish Westcott (ACME) would make those again. Also check out the smaller Westcott scissors available on Amazon.If you are looking for medium-duty or heavy-duty scissors, check out the following:-Westcott Forged Nickel Plated Straight Office Scissors, 8"-Wiss 29N Industrial Shears and Scissors-Gingher 220540-1004 Rounded Bent Trimmers, 10-Inch, Industrial Pack-Mundial 314-8 Industrial Forged 8-Inch Stay-Set Utility Shears-Fiskars 10-Inch Heritage Tailor Shears-Wusthof 5558-1 Come-Apart Kitchen Shears-Dressmaking Scissors heavy tailor's shears 10" Spirale No. 44525, Made by Kretzer Solingen/Germany-Messermeister 8-1/2-Inch Take-Apart Utlility Shear- Kuchenprofi Professional Stainless Steel Poultry Scissors with 5-Inch BladeIn summary, the Westcott Straight Titanium Scissors are good scissors for the price. Naturally, my 50 dollar scissors perform better than these; however, these scissors are a perfect choice for light-duty cutting.
I purchased this art case for myself as I am currently taking a drawing and painting class.The case holds my art board, mat, sketch and drawing pads. The outer pockets hold all my pencils, charcoals, pastels, rulers and my notebook for class, with room for more.It is really a great buy, however, once it is packed it does become a bit heavy. A bit more expensive than the others, but it carries everything I need, so I don't have to lug a second bag with supplies.
I was hoping this product would allow me to make lots of bias tape without spending the money to purchase the prepared tape, but it is too inconsistent to be used in sewing projects one would sell. I was able to make it work, but it took way more time than I was expecting to make the lines straight and even. It was not the fix I am looking for, but if you just want a little bias tape for occasional use, and you have the patience to be very careful, it's not a bad little gadget to have in your sewing room.
I do like the convenience of having so many drawers, which will really help in my classroom. However, the cart itself is wobbly. I had to use sand paper to smooth off the edges of one of my drawers just so it would fit. I could have purchased a more expensive cart, but opted out of that. I guess you get what you pay for!
I bought Xyron's "Magic Sticker Maker" at a local store for my daughter, but then, checking reviews online, I discovered that that one is VERY poorly reviewed and this "real" sticker maker, not just a kiddie version, is available for just about the same price.So I returned that one and ordered this one instead. Having read the reviews here, I naturally expected the thing to function right out of the box - but I didn't expect it to be so darn easy.I kept looking around for something to load, unwrap, peel open... but finally, I just slipped my test paper (a "Happy Birthday" message with a cute picture!) into the "feed" area and turned the handle slowly.Pop! There it was - just as sweet as can be, and ready to stick on the box to surprise my daughter. The paper feeds very smoothly and you don't need to feed your hand into the machine, either, because the rollers grip the paper very smoothly and deliver it nicely out the other end.The downside of this device is obviously that the cartridges are non-refillable, and the 20ft will probably run out pretty quickly (I ordered a second, repositionable cartridge, in addition to the permanent one it comes with). A bigger downside is that for however-much it costs, you have to kind of shrug off the fact that you could accomplish basically the same thing with a 99-cent glue stick. :-)))But honestly, this thing is so easy-to-use and so low-tech (I'm relieved that they didn't figure out a way to mess it up with batteries!) I feel very confident that my daughters will get many moons of scrapbooking fun out of this great little gizmo.
As above, pencils as expected. We go through lots of colored pencils in class. I wish that all of the brands lasted longer, they all shorten too quickly.
The price was right and the quality of the product is sturdy, easy to put together. There could be a place for the paper to be attached to the easel other than the magnets, they are not very strong and a place for the paper to be attached when not using. Also there could be some protective pads for the bottom of the easel so as not to mar the table surface.Ordering from Amazon.com was GREAT and I will definately use them again. Thanx for a great experience!
My children are in their 20 and over the years I have collected quite a few 10 X 13 photos of them. The current photo is always on display but the others were just being stored away since I had no way to display them safely. These portfolios were the answer. They hold all their special photos with room to spare for future photos. They nicely hold the 10 X 13 photos as well as the few 11 X 14 photos that I have. The portfolios themselves are compact and lightweight so they will be easy for me to tuck away but nice enough to pull out whenever I want to browse through them. I ordered one portfolio for each of my two children so that when the time is right I can pass down their photos to each of them. Since there are spare pages in each portfolio I may even rearrange them and add in some of their artwork and other photos that I have saved over the years. The price on these portfolios is very reasonable and I find the quality to be very good. My order was shipped very quickly and I received the order in less than a week.
Disappointed---and huge let down. My daughter was so excited to open this up and start stamping...Unfortunately it had 2 dried out stamp colors. For the amount of money it would be expected that a stamp set has working stamp ink. Since we opened it we cannot return it.
This is my first sewing machine and I have found it very easy to use. The quick start guide is lacking a bit, but if you have someone familiar with sewing machines, it goes much faster. As far as the machine itself, I have found it to be a very good value for the money spent and would recommend it to anyone considering buying a new sewing machine.
This thing is huge and holds a lot. The removable pockets are great for organizing. I have a lot of stamps and it organizes all of it.
Thought this was great for my toddlers holey pants, but after one wash the corners were coming up. The patch goes crispy, too. I guess it was worth a try but I'd like to save others the trouble.
I have had issues with this product in the past. It's a manufacturing defect - nothing to do with Amazon. Got a good price, so am not totally dissatisfied, but it is likely that you will lose at least a foot of the laminate/magnet (along with the photos or items you are running through it) because the laminate gets askew at the beginning of the roll which leaves several large crinkles across your photos. I have been making photo magnets for several years and it's just been within this past year that this problem has arisen. Too bad... it's a really great product. Too costly to afford wasting a foot or more with every cartridge. Don't begin your cartridge with precious items!
I needed a canvas to attach vinyl lettering too. After a couple coats of spray paint and adhering my lettering, my project came out beautiful. The only reason it didn't get 5 stars is because there were minor dents/imperfections around the edge. Not a big deal on a home project, but if I was making something to sell, it wouldn't have been sellable, under my standards.
Bout these to stick some leather, used the needle labeled "leather sewing", it broke after about 4 stitches so i tried one after another till eventually ALL the needles broke at the eye
The zipper is only connected on one side of the case and there is no 'starting point' to begin the zip - both ends are sewn into the spine. The product will hold my pliers, but I'll have to use a rubberband or string to keep it closed. Not worth the price I paid.
This is our first machine in quite some time and it all started out great. We love the features and ease of use is a big plus.That being said, we now have a problem with the machine drawing fabric through at a diagonal slant. Somehow, the stitches come out straight but we have to work at a diagonal which will be very difficult for larger projects or tight corners. The fabric also will 'bend' and curve itself from the force of a diagonal pull and straight stitches.If it weren't for that problem, we would probably go for a 5-star review as the features are nice and the machine is easy to maneuver. At $160 online, this machine is a good buy...now to fix it!
I read the reviews for this sewing machine and evenghough they were not good I decided to buy it anyway - I have been pleasantly surprised. I have never owned a sewing machine before. I found the instructions easy to understand and follow. I threaded it easily and have been sewing happily ever since, without any problem.
Easy to use, came quickly in the mail. I put my name on my luggage so I'll never loose it.
I altered the sleeping cat to fit the color of our cat that made this design more customized for our bathroom.
Believe the reviews when they say this product is very poorly made. I opened the box and looked at the items and decided they were way too cheap to use! The storage box is difficult to open and the boobins are apparently the 66 type which I don't need but no where on the box or description does it tell you what they are! I just ordered the distinctive bobbin case with 30 15J bobbins and 24 spools of thread set for slightly more than this storage system cost! Both with very good reviews!
This yarn is soft but that is the best I can say about it. I crocheted a baby blanket with it and thought I would never get through the project. There were long sections of the yarn where the splitting and bunching up of fibers was so bad I felt like I was trying to manipulate clouds of cobwebs. I had to press on because there was no way of determining by sight or touch where the bad areas began and ended. If I could have known I would have cut the bad sections out. I had to re-do stitches two, three, even four or five times in spite of proceeding VERY slowly and with extreme care . On another web site there were many negative reviews of this yarn but there were good ones too and the few reviews on Amazon were favorable so I decided to go ahead and order. Big mistake. The tediousness and frustration of working with this yarn displaced the enjoyment of creating the blanket and this was a blanket for my first grandson so you gotta' figure things had to be pretty bad to crush the pleasure of making this blanket. Maybe the yarn works well for knitting. I threw the left over yarn in the trash and that's saying something considering what a penny pincher I am. I hope if I am some day compelled to make another baby item that there are other easier to work with soft yarns available
In all fairness, the one that I have is probably an older model. But it looks exactly the same. I have had it for about three years now and finally threw it away the other day because I had just had enough of the issues. It constantly binds up. The tension knob was a problem. I am turned off by Brother after this one. This new model may be better, but I am getting a Singer in the future.
Sturdy, color is good, stands up well to folding etc.Arrived on time. Held up great to cutting and folding.
I am in a hotel and just had to have a sewing fix. Ordered this one for less than $150, it was the only one with an adjustable pressure foot-for thick lofty fabric. It is a POS BUT...if you are an experienced sewer in need of a machine on the cheap you can deal with it's quirks i.e pulling the thread out long enough to not come unthreaded each time you stop and start. It sews a decent stitch, lightweight and comes with standard accs. I would not recommned for a novice because it is a PITA to thread properly and aforementioned stuff.I also ran down to the local shop and picked up some other stuff on the cheap but it's all doable, but again you have to know what you're doing. I think it's kind of like those old car keys that are worn and you have to get the right touch/jiggle to get it to work. For the price you won't cry if it breaks. Hey a disposable sewing machine!
The extent of my sewing experience is hemming tape and handsewing small projects. I have never owned or used a sewing machine. I bought this because it was inexpensive and I was going to learn to use it by the instruction book, online video, etc... I was up and running in 20 minutes, hemming pants in seconds. I am 5' tall so hemming is a necessity. I am kicking myself that I didn't buy a sewing machine years ago. I bought a beginner pattern for a skirt so I am going to tackle that next.Great value!!! Nice features, easy to use.
The Alex Art Box has been an absolutely wonderful toy for ourGranddaughter. She has spent more time creating her art and havingfun. I found the best gift ever for her.
Like many of you out there, I was looking for a 'small' radius corner rounder for hobby use and found myself frustrated with the selection at the local craft stores - either the selection was all 1/2" radius or larger (or some patterned corner) or the selection was limited to rounders that were obviously suited only for single sheets of lightweight paper..I needed a rounder that would consistently cut through doubled-over cardstock and laminated pages. So far, this rounder seems to be up to the task, with out having to push so hard, (on many others, I felt like I was going to break the product I had to push so hard). I will try to ammend this review as the cutter ages and when I've worked with a larger variety of materials, but so far, so good for a sub-ten dollar cutter.The Pros (so far): this has a fairly heavy die/punch that seems to handle thick stock cleanly (no sticking or fuzzy corners yet)The Cons: This cutter has no catching apparatus for the off cuts, so be ready with something to catch all those corners(!) also, this one (as mentioned elsewhere) can be a little tricky to align, so that you dont end up with that 'scalloped' corner look or with a clear notch on one or both edges. After some practice, you can began to get a feel for this and cut more consistently ... but I won't lie ... you will still get the occasional odd cut, even after being deliberate with each cut - thin papers tend to tuck/roll/bend a little during the cut and therefore lose their alignment.A brief note: since this has no catcher underneath, it does allow you to visibly align the cut by turning it over, which helps ... I also noticed that the die has a small cattch in the inside corner that is designed to hold the square corner of the paper ... this helps with alignment, but as stated earlier, your results will vary with the stock you use.This is the 'small' radius, which seems to be in the 1/4" (5mm) range altough I don't think it specifically says on the packaging, it only has a diagram indicating the size. I use these to make game cards, its not really small enough for my purposes (I need 1/8") but it makes a nice corner for the price and is WAY better than the alternatives.I hope this helps you in your decision, I tried to answer all the questions I wanted answered when I was looking for a hobby-grade rounder.OVERALL: Best sub $10 cutter I have bought, period ... no thin metal cutter that jams or sticks frequently and so far it seems to handle thick materials whilc maintaining a crisp cut ... will follow up with a report after heavy use.
I'm an illustrator and I used these pencils for the first time on a full-color illustration. I was really disappointed and ended up mostly using my old SwissColor set just to get the project done. I spent most of my time sharpening the pencils because more often than not the lead in the pencil was already broken so I'd sharpen and the lead would fall out, I'd keep going until I got a good tip or at least good enough to get the color down. Unfortunately I sharpened the yellow ocre down to 1/4 of the original length and never did get a good tip that didn't fall out. I was so disappointed because I had heard such good things about these pencils. I called the company to see if they would reimburse the purchase and their only solution was for me to send in the pencils I was unhappy with (individually) and they would mail me back replacements. These pencils are just too expensive to sharpen away 3/4 and still not have a point that usable. Don't waste your money. For the equivalent price SwissColor is the way to go. I don't know why I even bothered trying out the prisma colors when I've been using SwissColor for years of illustrating with great results and very few breakages.
What a mistake it was to purchase this machine. Now that I look at the return instructions I see that I have to pay a 10% restocking fee as well as pay the UPS fee both ways (because it was "free delivery"). This machine is so primitive that I can't understand why they even bother manufacturing it.
I couldn't tell how dark the color was by the name "Spanish copper." It was almost black and not a copper color at all. If it had a clear color guide I definitely wouldn't have purchased it. I found out the hard way. Won't do that again.
Cheaply constructed, and takes longer to heat up than I thought it would, but once it does heat up it does the job. Just remember there is no on/off switch, so the moment you finish gluing you have to unplug it so it'll stop drooling out hot glue.
The day I received my Brother CS6000I, I finished shortening curtains for my grandaughter's room. Easy. Then, I began looking for items requiring darning or patching or mending, so I've used several of the stitches. Easy and beautifully done. It has purpose. Now, I'm searching for a project that I can do to give the machine wings. My old machine was a wrestling match. It's such a pleasure to sit at a machine with no tension issues, ease of use, understandable operating instructions, and all-round facility. It is a joy to use.
I got this machine a year ago as a beginning sewer. I really loved it and was able to learn and make many things with it. I discovered and confirmed that sewing was going to be my 'thing'. I did not want my husband buying anything too expensive or fancy just in case I ended up not liking to sew.Its a basic model and I don't need all of the fancy extras anyway. But now a year later, as my sewing confidence is growing and I am moving on to try new things, the machine stopped working right. There is some sort of problem with the thread. Its not the tension, I have tried everything. We have oiled and dusted it, changed thread, bobbins and fabric. The manual is terrible and not very helpful. The machine still runs but after a few stitches, the thread either breaks or comes out.It may be a simple problem to fix but not something we can figure out. Since my husband got it for so cheap (and even on sale) he decided to get me a new one instead of paying to have this machine repaired.We got a Husqvarna Emerald for $299. (a basic model) There is no comparison in how it runs its sturdier and even though its a basic model it has many nice extra features and the manual is great.Having said that, there is no way that one year ago I'd have wanted a $300 machine not knowing if I would like sewing or not.The Brother worked great and was easy to learn on, I just think it should have lasted longer than a year. 3 Months ago I probably would have given this 5 stars. Thats how happy I was with it until I started having these frustrating problems. (and an added note...a Husqvarna never needs oiling! How about that?)
I would have to chime in and pretty much substantiate what some of the other critical reviews have said. This is my second pair of Westcott scissors. I do believe that the blades are sharp and they do pretty much what i need them to do. I'm not doing any heavy duty craft projects or anything. I usually use scissors to cut open all my fun Amazon packages or to snip thread or paper. However, after very little use, the plastic on the handle of the scissors broke. It's not as though the handle broke off-- the scissors are still usable, but I certainly can't do any heavy duty cutting with the scissors now without getting a piece of my skin pinched in the part of the handle that has cracked.For the money spent on these, I would expect better quality all around, and not just on the blades.
I recently purchased this dress form. I'm from Canada so I waited a couple of weeks to pick up my package at the US depot. I was excited to finally receive it but extremely disappointed with the sizing. It is way off. They should show the exact sizing on a scale to its max. I can't even return it because it costs too much money in gas to drive back to the US depot. I guess I need to lose 30 pounds so it can use it for my size. Ha right! All in all, I do like the dress form. It is designed with good quality. Too bad I can't use it.
I'm not sure it was meant to repair hot water bottles. It doesn't get hard, but stays soft and tacky.
It says 99.9% jam free, but I had several sheets jam on me and ruin my document, so wastage and frustration there. More like 90% jam free. It also seems thinner than it should be for it's purpose. I'd recommend buying a slightly heavier weight if there's one available.
I received the sewing kit to give to my future daughter-in-law. I was appalled at the quality of the product. The plastic tray is extremely "flimsy" and would not last at all. The "notions" that are included are of particulary poor quality. The tracing wheel would not last long enough to trace one pattern. The scissors are not sewing scissors, but are cheap craft scissors. The thread is not mercerized and would shrink when washed. As one person who saw it said "No corner was left uncut." I would not recommend that anyone buy this, especially if you were using it as a prize or a promotional device. Currently, I am disturbed by their return policy, which seems to be "customer unfriendly."
I DID own the Singer CE100 (until I returned it!) and speak from personal experience. I purchased this as an embroidery machine rather than a sewing machine and was sadly disappointed. There seems to be a communication problem between the software and the machine. My husband, who makes his living working with software and hardware, spent 15 hours trying to get it to communicate properly and consistently; finally he gave up in frustration.Error messages don't always display and, when the machine would simply refuse to run, we were left having to guess at what the problem could be. On the other hand, sometimes the machine would just stop and an accurate error message--"thread broken"- would be displayed in spite of the fact that the machine was threaded properly and the thread was intact. This machine, at least in its embroidery capacity, is most certainly NOT user friendly and getting online help is a joke! To make matters worse, the manual instructions are unclear and inadequate. After three wasted days of hassle, we finally returned the machine for a refund.A MUCH better choice, in my opinion, is the Brother 6500. It's a litle more expensive, but well worth it. The software is easy to use and the machine is a delight. It took us less than an hour to uncrate it, set it up, and get it working correctly. This is a much better value.
This is a great professional portfolio. It doesn't have that cheap three ring binder look or feel. Its firm to be protective but slighty flexible. It is the perfect size for 11'' x 14'' size pictures.
haven't really had a need to use it yet - but feel it is notquite as sturdy as ad depicted
I BOUGHT THE SAME ONE AT A DOLLAR STORE FOR $1.00. THE CASE IS CHEAP MADE, IT WONT CLOSE RIGHT AND EASY BREAK THE BLADE SOME HAD RUST BUT IM HAPPY I PAY 1.00, I ALSO GOT A SINGLE HUBBY KNIFE FROM HOMEDEPOT THAT IS BTHE STORE U CAN GET 6 GOOD BRUSH WOOD NOT THAT CHEAP PLASTIC FOR 1.00 ALL DIFFERENT SIZE IN THE SAME BAG AND STORE..
Well made product, had bought some others that fell apart the lst time my 4 year granddaughter used them but these are quality and the seller was good.
I purchased the medium block punch, thinking I would have a 1" x 1" square.After receiving the punch, however, I find it is smaller. On the back of the package it says it is "1 cm/.625 inches" . First, I don't think 1 cm equals .625 inches. Second, there is nothing in the descriptions (here or elsewhere that I could find) saying it is 1" across DIAGONALLY. So if anyone is needing a 1" x 1" square, this is not it.Otherwise, the quality of these punches are fair. Not excellent, but they are handy and easy to use.
I have intricate detailing on the walls in my house. I needed tiny brushes to paint them neatly. These flat brushes did the job perfectly.
This has been a great machine-- it is cheap, and you can tell (e.g., it's light weight, and the parts are not as "pretty") but it is totally functional and works really, really well. I have had not a single problem with it (many fewer problems than with my mom's much more expensive machine, which is much more complicated as well!). A really great buy, I'm extremely pleasd with it, and it's perfect for someone just starting out.
I bought this sewing machine for my quilting class. I believe it should came with quilting accessories, until I found out there's no 1/4-inch quilting foot that I need. I'm really disappointed. Still trying to figure out how to do it with available foots.
this is a good quality of paper for the printing i needed. i would purchase again and this item did arrive on time.
Very good price on a large quantity of paper that's the same color on both sides - not super quality(kind of thick, but very foldable and square). Gorgeous colors!
The price isn't super high, but I did find these for less at Jo Ann's between placing my order and receiving it. Fit my Singer 66-16 class machine just fine, and I bought an additional set for the bobbin belt that fit a White Rotary from 1917.
This item turned out to be much more flimsy and cheap looking than I thought when viewed online. The selection of colors was fine. But to be able to store all these items and keep them in any kind of order is next to impossible. The flimsy plastic case should be made of a stronger and stiffer material with a fold-over cover that clicks into place. There is nothing but "paper-like" plastic to hold all the items in place. When one is removed the threads next to them easily fall out of place.
This table and chair set is fairly easy to put together and is very sturdy. I especially like the storage containers underneath. I was very pleased with the quality and the price was amazing compared to other sites.
Wow--this is well over $2 a skein than from the actual manufacturer. Other sellers from other sites have it priced at about $3.50-$4.00. This is disappointing because I do trust shopping online here. Since I can't find this yarn in the stores here anymore, and need a good 8 more skeins to finish this large afghan, I will take a chance and order at the half-price point somewhere else and hope the other site is legit.
I bought this as a present for my 3 year old for Christmas. The paint is great quality, very bright, the right texture, and there is TONS of it for the price. We have used it to paint construction paper, a woven basket, salt dough christmas ornaments, and Christmas present boxes. It dries relatively fast and remains vibrant. Great product!
This glue stick is fantastic except for a few small caveats.I found that the purple color was excellent for detailed work. I make boxes out of photo paper. The photo paper is cut in such a way as to create tabs. It is the tabs that I glue and as you can imagine, the glue needs to be able to stick to a very glossy surface. The glue is fantastic in that I can reposition my work a few times before giving a firm press. The 10mil photo paper is extremely strong and will want to resist box creasing so I was initially very suspicious of the glue. I'm here to tell you that the glue holds!!!! On top of that the glue dries clear.OK - the caveats. (1) As other people have noted, the cap is of a poor design. You need to be careful when placing the cap back on to avoid 'shaving' off some of the glue. (2) You can't get to the last 10% of the glue. The bottom of the stick has a dial-up mechanism. The threads for the screw prevent you from using the entire glue stick. That was pretty lame. (3) If you get any of the glue on your photo paper, it will not come off - period. So be very very careful. While I love the ability to reposition the work, I wish there was a way to wipe off any excess glue without leaving a smear. This means you need to be extremely careful when applying - which I am.Get this glue - it is the best.
This is a great product that I use to remove my circut cutouts. The job is easier with this tool. I just love it!
I gave this unit 2 stars because it is potentially great for children to knit items they might not have patience or skill for otherwise. However, the machine is contructed of close to 90% plastic and just not strong enough for an excited little girl trying to spin the crank at as good pace. My daughter had a tough time figuring the machine out, and once we finally got it to go, with standard weight yarn (not the cheap stuff they supply, but not heavy either) she got half way through the project and the crank broke off! My daughter is no brute, in fact, she is quite delicate and scrawny, so this really surprised me!Customer support was helpful. It was tough to finally find a phone number for this company, but when I called, the lady I spoke with was quite helpful. She told me to cut out the UPC code and send it in with a letter describing the issue, and they would send out a new crank right away. Well, almost two months later I finally received a box, but inside was just that top handle that is used for support - NO CRANK!So, I sent off another note telling them they sent the wrong part. This time they sent me a brand new machine. However, it was in a hundred little pieces, had completely fallen apart in shipping. Their response was swift - a notice giving me credit to trade for any of their other products except for this one. I'm not sure if they were tired of dealing with this inferior product or dealing with me. Suffice it to say, we never cashed in the note for credit on another item. I just don't trust the quality.Unfortunately, I'd have to advise anyone looking at this as a nice gift to just pass it by.
Not good paint. Very thick. Resembles marshmallow cream. Maybe I got a bad bottle? I needed something a lot smoother and thinner.
At first I had problems learing how to use the auto stop but once I played with it for a few hours, I was able to master the operation of the machine. As far as the stitch quality I love it, also it is comprable to the electronic machine I purchased 6 months ago. So there!... I love the beautiful decorative stitches, especially the one with the cross and the heart well all of them! The instruction manual it is very self explanatory and helpful on the use of the machine and presser feet. I love it and that's that, I have owned the machine and already have made a semiformal outfit for Easter and it lived up to my expectation and then some. By the way I have been sewing since 1970, and am not a new seamstress.
This paper is really just colored paper--would be nice if it had a white side--but I needed a lot of paper in a variety of colors and at a reasonable price for a student project and this filled the bill exactly. Students unit origami projects seem to be holding up nicely.
I have purchased this and to my grave dissapointemnt this product does not work. The customer service is rude, sarcastic and not helpful. The most awful experience I have had while buying from these people.Beware and do not give them your money! Products doesnt work and returns are a hassle!!! The shaver works so slowly and badly that I wouldnt even try to return it anymore, it belongs in the trash, not here for sale
Definitely not DMC quality, but good for crafts [scrapbooking, decoupage, collages, etc] and friendship bracelets. Okay for needlepoint, embroidery and cross-stitch if you're not worried about high quality projects. I've used it for Christmas ornaments and bookmarks with satisfactory results.
I'm a graphic design student currently taking Fundamentals of Design. With so many projects that require various dimensions, I needed to find a mat that would help me cut down my bristol paper. Initially, I was using the cardboard on the back of my bristol paper pad to cut my projects down on, and I felt it was harmful to my blades, so I started to seek out cutting mats. I couldn't find one in any store that was the size I desired which is "18x24". I was so thrilled to finally find one online for a decent price. I received this product within a short time span, and I'm pleased with its quality! I like how it is reversible with differ colors on each side. This will definitely help me out with my class. For those who are designers and are looking for a quality cutting mat you will not disappointed with this product! 5 stars!
It does what it says. It is not a full designer software just a card reader-writer for Brother embroidery cards and this is exactly what I wanted.Very happy with it.
I have never had so much trou ble with a sewing machine. To begin with, i cannot get the bobbin to wind smoothly if the bobbin thread doesnt wind smoothly you will encounter jams Also the handle of the machine sits over the thread spool It has a drop in bobbin which i love, but it is hard to thread it and keep it in place. It has a see through cover, a cheap piece of plastic that came off and was instantly lost! It is too lightweight and can fall over while you are sewing i am used to being able to open the front of the machine (where you thread it) but you have to get a screw driver to open it. Thus to clean it of lint etc you have to stop everything. maybe these have been discontinued..if so you can see why
Disclaimer: I'm not a scrapbook person, so keep this in mind as you read my thoughts about this product.Originally, I purchased the Iris Portable Project Case and though it was a wonderfully sturdy case, I needed something a bit larger that would still fit inside my beach bag to carry whatever project I'm working on.This clear scrapbook case was perfect in size. The only serious issue is with the snap lock. The case will lock. No problem, but the slightest pressure to the top and the snap will pop it open. Not good if you are planning to be mobile.Normally, a snap lock not staying locked would cause a low rating along with a negative review, but I love everything else about this case. It's sturdy--if it breaks, I'll update this review--and easily can be used as a lap desk. The only negative is that snap lock, but here's the thing. Even if the lock worked perfectly, I'd have added Velcro straps (which I already have) to make double sure the lid stayed in place during travel.If you planned to get more than one, grooves on both sides make these stackable. Also, the case can stand upright on a work table or bookshelf. If you do, keep in mind about the snap lock warning.
Like another reviewer I had not sewn since Junior High School. After researching this machine, it seemed inexpensive and good for a beginner. I was up and sewing from day one. I have recently entered the world of free motion quilting and have had no problems with the machine (just the operator). I have purchased and used a walking foot and it has been easy to operate. I am not sorry at all I purchased this product. In my quilting class, the teacher used it briefly as I was having trouble figuring out what tension setting I needed, and she thought it was speedy. I have been able to sew slow and fast with this machine.
If you are punching items "stand alone" these are probably okay, although the spread on the handles is almost too wide for my hand to grasp comfortably. However, for me as a card maker, they are pretty much a loss because the depth is about 1/8" which is no good at all for positioning. I'll figure out a way to make my circle dies from Spellbinders work. If you are looking at being able to position a circle cut on the interior of a page, don't get this.
I bought this machine a few months ago to replace the cheap sewing machine that I had been using since college. It's a pretty sturdy machine, has a good weight to it, and works like a dream!Since it's electronic, you can change stitches with the push of ONE button (instead of having to mess around with 3 or 4 knobs like my old one) and it's super quite. I make tote bags, so I usually sew through multiple layers of fabric, interfacing, and webbing; and this machine handles it beautifully!My only complaint is that when you remove the flat bed and try to use the long arm, there is a rod of plastic (seemingly useless) that gets in the way. So if you plan to sew a lot of pant lets ,or shirt cuffs, you might want to consider something with a better long arm.
only enough scent for two small candles.......will order larger size next time so I can make more than two candles.
My daughter received this for her 6th birthday. I thought it would be a fun project for her to do. When she started we found that the paint tubes were half empty, and very hard to press the paint out. She couldn't get the paint out without help. I don't believe there was enough glitter paint for both wings, and the stickers fall off within a day of wear. The wings were also poorly constructed. If you would like similar quality get a wire clothes hanger, and wrap a pink nylon around it, reapeat for other side, and sew together with a piece of felt. Overall I was very under impressed with the quality of the toy, and wouldn't reccomend it to anyone.
Great easel. It's simple but sturdy. No assembly required and easy to adjust for different size canvases. I didn't want to spend a lot on a easel since I'm a newbie to painting, but I got a lot more than I expected! Great purchase.
I got this serger 4 years ago after 40 years of making my clothing on a regular sewing machine. Now I use the serger for everything except buttonholes, cover stitching, and some darts. Sewing is a breeze with a serger and this is a fine machine. I have not experienced any problems with it in 4 years. It was delivered the day after I ordered it. On the first day I just read the instructions and practiced threading it and working on scraps.updated July 2012After owning this machine for 6+ years and working on it practically every day, at least every weekend, the screw that holds the needles in place popped out and I can't get it to stay in. Bottom line: the machine cannot be used. For a total cost of under $200, this wonderful machine has paid for itself. I decided to buy a new one instead of hunting down a repair (since I don't have a car and it would be a hassle). I thought I would try a 5 thread machine instead of 4 thread, even though more expensive, but after reading many reviews, I didn't find anything that sounded better than this one. So the bottom line is I re-ordered this model. I also ordered the Brother 2340C Cover Stitch machine which is not a serger but looks like one, and is supposed to provide additional stitches (like hem stitch on knits) not provided by the serger. There are not many reviews for the 2340C and they are mixed, but I am hoping it will work for me. I will write reviews after I have had a chance to use it.
Book arrived in timely fashion and in "new condition"Would order from this seller again.
Somehow I missed that the cutting size is not a full yard, 36 inches, this is the size of the entire mat, from edge to edge. Still, this is bigger then any previous cutting surface I have and I can likely pair it with my smaller mat to extend my cutting surface. The item is still in the package so I don't know how well otherwise it will function. The grid looks decent and having more drawn angles should help.So, if you need a ruled edge on a mat, this goes to 35X 23 and the rest is boarder with your incremental lines.
A piece was cut incorrectly so you can't put it together. Hopefully they all aren't like this. It's expensive kindling...
As my title suggests, this thing is a hunk of junk. After about five minutes of use, the shuttle hook became misaligned and the whole things stopped working. Unfortunately, it appears that there is no replacement for a real machine.
We got these for our 18 month old son in Christmas of 2009. They were great. Smaller than you might expect, but they had bright colors - worked when wet - even if dunked and were long lasting - we still have 4 of the 6 colors - although they are running out. They also cleaned so easily!So we decided it would be a great Christmas present this year (Xmas 2010). However the new set is horrible! We just opened it to start using and they clearly changed the crayons. They are slighly longer within the holders (probably due to complaints about how short they actual crayon part was) and the colors are slighly different. But those are not the issues. The issues are that the crayons do not draw on any bit of water or even damp, but dried off with a towel surface. If you do draw on a dry surface the crayons are used up super fast. What use is a longer length if they get used up 5-6 times as fast?The "scrubber duckie" as my son calls it, is not as good either. The back used to be textured and helped "scrub" off the crayons - although it wiped off with a cloth. But it was flexible so you could wring out the duck to dry. The new duck has a stiff back that does not help at all wiping away anything and also cannot be wrung dry.My son keeps asking for the "old crayons" even though we no longer have his favorite colors. He would rather have something tha can draw in the bath than his favorite colors.A HUGE dissapointment that they changed a wonderful product.
This lives up to the advertising. Ease to operate and less stress on the hands and wrists.
It works, but is poorly made. The appearance of the product I received is not as nice as the picture, the plastic body looks cheap and the springs which hold the battery are not in place so that one battery kept snap out. I have to use screw driver to adjust it to make the battery fit in.
I wanted a mid-range sewing machine with some flexibility, and this is the machine. I sews quickly and flawlessly, and is super easy to learn. It seems well made, and very intuitive to learn. I love the computerized stitch selection - so easy to change stitch length and width. I've had no problems with winding the bobbin as in previous Singer machines. I love the fact that it comes with a quilting table and a case, too, what a deal.
These squeeze punches are the easiest to use. I won't buy another kind from now on. So much easier on your hands.
I had such a terrible time with mine, I am returning it. The thread would not stay threaded right no matter what I did. But the biggest problem was that the screw holding in the needle will not hold it in. It won't tighten enough to keep in the needle. So I kept fixing it and it kept falling out. I struggled with this machine for almost an hour over multiple issues. Finally I am giving up. I will stick to my good old Singer.
The mini-iron does a fairly good job for ironing seams and small areas. The stand is a must although I wish it were a bit more sturdy.
My bad. I was thinking this was comparable to Crayola's tempera paint, which IS washable. The paint is great, nice colors, but we got a little on clothing and can't get it out completely. I'd still recommend this paint, just be sure your little one wears a smock.
This product may work for scrap booking- but I couldn't use it for my classroom- I needed letters smaller than 1". And there are no cartridges for block or elementary alphabet letters.
I got this cause it was one of the cheaper paper cutter and smaller but I would not recommend this because mainly the slider is VERY STIFF. It's like arm work out! Also the paper really doesnt stay still unless you hold on to the paper by the cutter. The ruler that extends out is very stiff to put in and out of the cutter. I've tried cutting different types of paper but it only cuts the thin papers well and once you get into the thicker scrapbooking papers it wont cut well. And I dont really like how you have to hold down the blade. I am going to switch to the one where you dont have to. I would recommend spend a bit more and get a better one.
I bought this machine 8 months ago and loved loved loved it- I was so delighted at the price and used it on a couple of projects. Best of all it was so light that storage wasn't a problem.Sadly, shortly after it's 6 month anniversary, it stopped working. There was squeaking, followed by beeping, followed by nada. I had to drive it 2 hours to the nearest Brother center (or take it to an unauthorized shop and pay $100). The bobbin had stopped turning. The truth is, this machine is built on a plastic (actually it's stuffed with styrofoam) chassis, which will not last, and is prone to breaking. So all these reviews you see where people give it one star, it's because the plastic frame just can't stand up to real use for very long.A metal chassis sewing machine is one of the few pieces of technology that still lasts you your whole life. You can't get a good one for under $399 at a store (like a Brother or Baby Lock)- but when you think that half the price gets you 6 months and a load of grief with a machine like this...?I am sad to be giving this little machine one star, but the truth is Brother makes some great machines and some junky ones. Bottom line, you should get a machine with a metal chassis, not plastic, with your hard earned cash, because once this one breaks, there's no returning it. I traded mine in at the shop.
If you need a cheap whole punch this one works like it should. Can a whole punch really be bad? I'm glad I haven't found out, This one does what it needs to do.
I purchased this machine for basic stitching with my daughter. We were so disappointed when we could not even get one simple hemline out of it! The stitches were sometimes pretty, and sometimes they wouldn't catch the bottom thread at all, and sometimes the needle got jammed. We tried it with different tensions, and different materials, but were never completely successful. The entire process was so aggravating that my daughter declared she'd rather sew by hand!! Next time, I will spend more for something that works.
Great product for the price. Only down was the shipping... Arrived with the table top chipped along the bottom edge where the pencil catcher goes.Also some of the tubes were bent at the opening so badly that you couldn't fit the other tube that went into it in it. But luckily i have access to a machine shop so i could resize the holes. The little boxes on the side were a little difficult to snap together and the table top being slightly warped from heat, its been realy nice.All in all its realy nice for drawing, reading, and whatever have u.P.S. Only thign it realy needs is a swing lamp which I am getting seprately.
I don't understand how this Amazon Deal shows the regular price of this machine as $449.00 when it is not on sale at WalMart, Sears, or Target and yet they are all selling this machine at their regular prices - all $169 or less. I love a good deal, but don't lie about the prices. This machine does not, has not and did not ever sell at $449 anywhere.
I picked this machine based on the 5 star rating and the reviews. When it arrived and I assembled it, the first thing I noticed was the accessory box had a corner broken off...which was not in the box...plus the little connection arm was broken so the box would not even attach to the machine. I emailed the Singer company and they promptly sent me a replacement machine which is actually the 'Q' model. When I purchased from Amazon, there was a free sewing machine case offer included...(although the machine actually cost much more a few weeks ago when that was being offered). In order to get the free case, I would have to send in the code from the box but now that the machine is going back to Singer, I can't cut up the box to remove the code so I am not going to get the free case after all! I am very disappointed in the lack of quality of the machine I got plus the fact that I paid way too much money for a problem which is not completely resolved and now I have a machine (without a case) which Is not what I wanted in the first place!
I was very unhappy with the way these strips arrived. A few of the strips in the pack had a lot of dents in them. I don't know if it was the way they were packed, but if it was, it was very careless. I was extremely disappointed when they arrived. Since they don't refund for return shipping and I was under time constraints for building my project with the balsa wood, I was forced to except them as they were. I wouldn't buy from this company if I were you and I will never buy from them again.
I purchased this for my daughter who is 3yrs old. I didn't know how well she was going to like it but it turns out that she loves it. I would recommend purchasing the seperate ink pad though because she loves to change all the different colors. And the best part of all of it is the ink is washable!! It is also fun to see her stamp and then to color in the stamp with the pencils that were included. I would definatley recommend this product.
I loved how all the beads were packaged separately and labeled. However, I wish I had ordered something a little less vibrant.
The package comes with a 4 meg card, reader, and software for downloading patterns. Lets start with the card and reader, 4 megs is a small amount and the reader is on the larger side. The software is for down loading only patterns that you buy or get. Putting this all together is the cost that comes out to be $95 to $100. The cost for current stuff is too high and should no more than $30. There are more cards with more memory, readers that are smaller and with more capabilities, while the software is for ONLY down loading patterns is limited. To end this, it is too little for too much money and should be better priced.On the good note the item did arrive very quickly and as described.
I bought this for my 8 year old grand-daughter but ended up giving it to the 14 year old and was GLAD I did. Would have been much too hard for the younger girl. Required my assistance even though the 14 year old is highly capable. She did really enjoy it, though, which I wasn't sure she would -- was not too juvenile for her.
Video does not show clearly enough the hand actions of Ms. Galati. She does all of the steps too quickly for them to be clearly understood. I wish I hadn't spent the money on the DVD, I would have been better off to find a local shop that gives hands-on lessons on sock knitting.
The product itself is a great product for presentations, and we use them all the time. So my 4 stars is based on that.With that said, the packaging this came in was terrible - just two cardboard sheets taped over the pads, resulting in the pads having several pages damaged. Needed them the next day or I would have asked for an exchange. Odd because my little Post-It tabletop flipchart (which appeared to come from the same Amazon warehouse) was packaged superbly.
I bought a Brother Innovis 1000, cannot use embroidery designs that is not already loaded on the machine... without this PED Basic. I think this should be sold with the machine, kinda like buying a sterio without speakers.You can't add designs straight to the card without the program and the adapter.
I bought these beads for my 4+ year old daughters little bitty bicycle, they're very nice. They have a slit on one side which you force the spoke through, and these beads are solid enough that they aren't about to fall back off, very nice feature. Also they are just enough larger then the spokes to slide up an down making the much needed "noise" from the wheels kids love. Only thing I dislike is that the colors are kind of muted, they would be so much nicer if they were like bright neon or something, but the blue and purple colors are really dull. Of course they might have had another set with brighter colors I missed, but other that this the set is wonderful.
Low quality item. I got this form expecting Singer to provide a good quality product. I was sadly mistaken and sent it back the very next day after I got it. I would like to give this product a good review because I don't want to drag Singer's name through the dirt, but it just is not up to par. The plates of the form overlap at the smallest settings and, even at the larger settings, do not stay put. You definitely will get what you pay for. Also, be cautious when choosing the size of the form if you do choose to get this one. The small/med is more like a med/lrg-xl. If you are a petite person, it might be better to go with a petite-sized form. The good news is that Amazon return policies were simple and great about a quick full-refund! Thanks, Amazon.com!!
My daughter is 8 and received this for her birthday. It works well and is serving its purpose. It's lightweight and easy enough to thread on top. I have three critiques:1. The bobbin is a little bit tricky for her to master. It's in a metal case at the bottom of the machine...it is much more challenging than my BIG brother machine. She needs help with that part every time.2. The dial to choose the stitch type is difficult to use. It's big and thick and it's hard to tell where it's pointing (there's no little arrow to point at the number so you're sure about what you're choosing).3. My BIGGEST complaint: the machine doesn't move slowly. It's difficult to master the pedal on a sewing machine anyhow...to get the feel of it and learn to maintain a constant speed. This machine doesn't go SLOW. It's WAY too fast, and it's tricky to get it to slow down (even for me, a more experienced sewer).
I purchased this machine thinking it would live up to the Singer Name, (even purchased a gathering foot, which by the way no attachements come with this machine,) boy was I wrong, the first time I used a different setting on the tension for gathering it never worked right again, no matter how it was set. I contacted support and they told me that it could be due to using different brands of thread, or setting the tension differently, anyway I got the run around. I have been a professional seamstress for over 30 years and know how to set tension and know about quality thread. They also told me to get it corrected I would have to send it to a repair shop, keep in mind that this machine was less than three weeks old! It worked a total of about one week. So I boxed it up and returned it to Wal-Mart and ordered a EZ Lock and it is working beautifully! and guess what, you can use different brands of thread.
I bought this for my 2 year old who loves to draw on her easel. I wanted to get a variety of colors, and test out the paint before buying the large containers available. The paint is great...washes right off. I have no fear that it would stain something. HOWEVER, this is not a value. I will be buying the large individual crayola paints for her going forward, like this oneCrayola Artista II Washable Tempera Paint 16oz Blue
I bought one of these for my daughters seventh birthday and she loved it so much that I purchased three more for her cousins for Christmas. She is so proud of her piggy bank and loves "feeding it" The only drawback was the brush that was sent with the bank. It is so small that it would have taken a long time to paint, but luckily we had brushes from other paint sets that worked very well.
The spring action, which is the primary reason anyone would buy these things, is extremely bad, lasting only a very short time. The blades are very sharp, but they do not "spring back" after each cut. As a result, I have to manually open them after each cut, not an easy task when there are not two rings into which to insert fingers. I saw another review where the person took them apart and reassembled them, but why on earth should that be necessary with a brand new set of scissors, especially ones that are not inexpensive.
It's a good medium for the price. The only real problem I have is the medium seals the container shut if you don't use it for a few days it is really hard to get open.
I was not very happy with this set. The blades would not stay screwed into the one of the handles and kept falling out; the screw part of the blade wouldn't tighten all the way, so it was unreliable.
My husband got this from me. Bless him for think of me but not even he can get it to do. The stitches slip off, it is very frustrating and had been back in the box now for a year. Just waiting for a garage sale.
I was searching for a good dye for nylon, the product says it is great. I tried it, did everything it asked, and no good results, poor product.
I gave this to my husband as a gift, and he loved it! It's very heavy and nice quality. However, we can't seem to get the knack of embossing with just the right amount of pressure: the impression is either too light or goes all the way through the paper.
I received this item quickly and it's just what I expected. The price was very reasonable. Very happy with this product.
It takes a bit of understanding of how to set it up, as it does not come with instructions. I referred back to the picture here on Amazon on how it should be set up.The easel is well crafted. I was not expecting this good of quality. The wood is very well pieced together. I recommend that if it does come apart accidentally to use some wood glue. I did notice that the manufacturer did not use glue, or if they did, it is not much.I highly recommend this piece to painters. I am a novice, but this is the best crafted canvas stand I have seen yet, and I am very excited to use it.For the canvas' that have canvas stretched around four boards with the staples on the back side, you can put the canvas on the top piece of wood (the one that is like two inches by two inches). This gives the painter the room he needs to paint the edges, and they will not get ruined, as the canvas is suspended from the holding dock.This is just wonderful. I can only keep telling everyone that this is a very well made painters stand.Sit down, relax, have a cup of tea, put on some Mozart, and begin.
How nice it would have been if Oxo had designed the locking mechanism so that you could open it the way you do garden shears, with the flick of a finger from the hand that's holding the shears.Instead, every time I reach for my Oxo scissors, I have to use two hands: one to hold them, and one to open the lock. Seems like a small thing, but when your hands are busy and mucky from working in the kitchen, not being able to just reach over, pull out the scissors & use them drives me crazy. Poor design. And then, as others have noted, the red lock often slips around & relocks the scissors. Disappointment from a company that's put out so many well-designed, sturdy, affordable kitchen tools.
This document tube is of inferior quality compared with some other products on the market. While the adjustable length feature is nice, the tube doesn't stay locked at the desired size and often the two halves completely separate. Tape is required at the joint to hold the two pieces together.
great for what I need taking picture works good for background would buy again lots of cool colors nice and thick
This machine will not hook the thread underneath. There is a fix which I successfully performed on my neice's machine. There is nothing worse than an enthusiastic little girl who gives up on sewing because of dashed expectations over which they have no control. In order to fix the problem, you will need a small phillips head screwdriver and a razor blade or an exacto knife. Carefully unscrew the seven screws holding the machine together, there is one under the handle, and lay the machine in half. The handle and the foot plate will most likely fall off, so watch carefully how things are going together. Once the machine is open, take the foot plate out of the machine and turn it over. You will see the hook mechanism which is held on by two screws. You will notice that one of the screws is in a slot instead of a hole. This is where the adjustment takes place. The screw is more to one end of the slot than the other. You can see the ring left by the head of the screw on the slot once you unscrew it and take the screw out. You need to extend the slot slightly more in that direction, to be able to adjust the hook closer to the needle when it descends. Use the razor blade to carefully slice a bit of plastic off the end of the slot, about 1/16 inch. Reassemble, adjusting all the way to the end. Carefully put the machine back together. Make sure the handle is in its stowed position, the crossed wires are under their tape and the power wire is laying in its exit hole. You may need to turn the machine upside down slightly as you are settling it back together in order to keep the foot plate in place. Tighten all the screws down and rethread the needle. This is another misunderstanding. The needle can only be threaded one way. Lower the presser foot and raise the needle to its highest position. You will easily see the hole through the slot in the side of the safety cover. Thread from left to right. Once the thread is through, you will notice that the thread is through the right hand slot of the safety cover and cannot easily be brought between the toes of the foot and underneath to the back. So,raise the foot and lower the needle until the eye of the needle is visible beneath the foot. Use your needle threader to grab the loop on the right side of the eye and pull the thread down out of the safety cover, between the toes and underneath the foot, drawing it to the back. Now try your stitching again. Any questions, feel free to e-mail me at bridgetherr@gmail.com. Good luck.
I ordered 2 packs of this "Arches 140 lb cold Press Watercolor Paper". Even though the water mark on the paper said it was Arches, several of the sheets in each pack were not nearly as thick as 140 lb Arches Cold Press usually is. It looked as if they may have been Arches rejects. The package was not the usual Arches plastic packaging that I have received many times when I have bought Arches from other sources. I ordered this for an upcoming watercolor workshop, to share with another artist. I thought the paper thickness (weight) may have been just my imagination, but the other artist called to my attention that the paper seemed too thin to be 140 lb as well. The cost was less than what I usually pay for Arches, but I guess you get what you pay for!! I won't be ordering from this source again.
I followed all of the instructions and, at first, could not get this machine to work in an acceptable manner. Frequently, the upper stitch would not connect with the lower (bobin) stitch. I tried various tension settings and checked all of the threading many times.Then, I purchased a better thread for sewing machines and tried adjusting the tension settings again. I was finally able to get the product to sew correctly.I would still have to say, this product is not for the faint of heart. But, it will work if you are tenacious!
Back in the late 70's I owned a Deli & seafood resturant in Wyoming USA, we served every thing right up to live Lobster, Watching Joyia Childs on GMA, she used the Joyce Chen Scissors to cut the lobster , I ordered 24 scissors for my restuarent because she made cutting and eating the lobster so much easier. over the years since I started to lost those 24 wonderful scissors until I was down to one that ended up in my wife's tack room, I ordered two "bright red" scissors just to have in my home kitchen here in Florida. These scissors are so great that the other regualar type scissors I put out in the tack room.They are great as a Gift that will be remembered for years.
I have purchased many paint by numbers from Paintworks previously. I love doing them, my only complaint is on some pictures, the darker colors are watered down so it requires a second coat.
I received this serger 3 years ago for Mothers Day. I finally had the courage to sit down and figure this machine out. OMG I can't believe I wasted all of that time! The Simplicity Frontier is going to be a work horse in my sewing room from this point on! Easy to thread and use. I took a class at JoAnn Fabrics right along with the mega bucks serger folks and this little guy had all of the stitches and produced just as beautiful stiches!! I love this machine and so will you!
when i bought this product i was expecting a ITOYA ART PORFOLIOinstead i got a simple envelopes...wrong order!i am trying to return it.....has been hard!
OMG why can't I just sew???? I worked for Levi years ago and know how to sew. I will say I am very disappointed with this machine. I have had it apart at least 3 times every time I sit down to sew. It is VERY easy to misthread the very first step which throws everything off from the beginning. If you take that cover off to clean out broken threads you MUST put it back on before rethreading and sewing, otherwise the thread is behind where it is not suppose to be. I had to stop and clean out broken threads from the very first time I used it. I may be sending this machine back.!!!!!!
I wanted the product that was in the picture, but unfortunately I did not get it. I got a bunch of pastel stickers of dolphins and bugs. Now, I didn't mind so much since they were still "crazy creature," but I did want bright colored stickers, NOT pastels.I won't be purchasing again.
I love this sewing machine! I hadn't sewn in nearly 20 years and recently my husband purchased this machine for my daughters and I. I love it. It is so incredibly simple to use, even after so many years of not using a sewing machine. I started out simple making myself some valance curtains for my family room. They turned out great. I recommend this machine - at the price here on amazon it cannot be beat!
This product is packaged nicely with all sorts of decor items like gel paint, stickers, flowers, etc. The kids had a lot of fun decorating the wings. However- when it came time to put the wings on, they were so flimsy and would not stand up. Instead, they just kinda flopped around behind the girls' backs. They were very disappointed. Again- a great idea but I think that I'd look for a more sturdy product next time, even if it meant spending a little more.
This is a great micro torch! If you are looking for a micro torch, this is definitely your torch. .
I did not like the buttons much. It was very hard to find the pairs. Also some of the buttons were broken and some were dirty. I might be able to use only less than 1/3 of the buttons.
Not much information in the ad but it was about what I thought it would be It'll be fin in my tumbler
Just what I needed and couldn't find one locally. Great for cleaning up my silver jewelry..... Does a great job!
These hot glue sticks are a little softer than some others I've tried in the past. Because of that the bond isn't quite as strong on various projects or repairs. But what can you expect for the price? These are priced reasonably and do a competent job but they are far from the best.3 stars.
I just read a couple of reviews that said that the tension problems they were having with this light weight machine was greatly improved when they switched to METAL bobbins. Just the old, universal ones work fine. I was a little nervous about trying it, but it really did help.This is a light weight machine, easy to tote around, but not great for serious sewing. Lots of nice features, but the stitches can be inconsistent, and the tension is unpredictable. The METAL bobbins do help though. I am disappointed with the performance. If you want your work to show, like for quilting, etc. buy a machine with METAL gears, NOT Plastic. You don't have to spend $1,000 to get one. Shop around, read the specs. I replaced this one with a Janome/Kenmore and it's great!
Another product purchased for a kid, not me. So, I have no real intelligent feedback to offer readers. Sorry, I just want it off my plate to review
This machine exceeds my current needs! I love it! I'm learning about it. I was in the middle of making a baby quilt for a shower gift. I had about 2 weeks to finish the quilt. My old machine, which was 34 years old when it broke. I decided it would be better to purchase a new machine rather than repair the old machine.The Brother CS6000i arrived in less than a week. I was able to finish the quilt in time for the shower. It was easy to learn enough so I could finish the project. I am now learning the finer points of the machine and I'm looking forward to my next project.I highly recommend this sewing machine for someone who wants to upgrade from a beginner's machine to a machine that can do more. It's a lot of machine for the price.Brother CS6000i Sew Advance Sew Affordable 60-Stitch Computerized Free-Arm Sewing Machine
I got this when I purchased my first sewing machine. It comes with a nice variety of threads and accessories. The only accessory I didn't like was the little tomato pin cushion. It is really pointless to use. My only major issue with this kit is it's awkwardness. The drawers constantly fall out of place as I am opening and closing it. Then the spools of thread are always slipping off the rods (even after pushing them all the way down.)
Product didn't even last one gentle cycle wash on my jeans. Came off in the wash and it was done.
I put this on a pinhole in my tarp 3 weeks ago, and it's still not dry
when I got the product I was really happy at first until I tried to load in my own picture. the picture came out distorted and could not make out some parts of the faces of the people in the picture.
I received this product promptly and have not had the time to start it yet, but I was impress by the quickness on which I received it.
I received a measuring tape instead of the hemming tape I ordered. Couldn't do a return online. The system indicates you need to call customer service for returns for this item. If you don't have much time to be making phone calls, like myself, save yourself the trouble and don't order this item.
I have rarley used this but the alignment of the spikes with the punch base has shifted and thus it is of no use now.....very poor quality and no customer service to call to
Once I had the time to figure it out it worked beautifully. You have to be able to know which setup works for your machine. I was able to download designs from other sites and put them on this card. I used it for a couple of NFL logos, and they came out perfectly. I'm glad I made this purchase
My sister bought me this sewing machine a yr. ago, it lasted a little over a yr. Mind you, I do not sew, it was used merely for mending and light sewing. It's not a good investment, save your money and buy not good brand. Seriously, this is NOT a good machine.
Lefties (and those buying for us) should be aware that true left-handed scissors switch the blades for easier usage and do not just have lefty-friendly handle grips.
I am a 61 year old Wildlife Biologist. I have not read any of the other reviews. Here is mine......after skimming this book. I received it 3 days ago and have had time to get a good idea of what it has to offer. At a later time I will go back to this review and update my comments.First, it is not a field guide....although it does not claim to be. I would rather have a bird book that fits in a large pocket so that I can take it into the field.This book does not have information on the niches and habits of the birds. That disappoints me. Mr. Sibley, why do you not tell us the habits of the birds? At least give me some new information.Mr. Sibley does go into great detail to describe the morphology of the birds. And that is the primary function of a bird guide. But I already have a very good idea of what the birds look like and the skill to identify most of them in the field. Ok....I will admit to not being able to quickly ID some of the passerines and many of the shore birds. And again, Mr. Sibly goes to great detail to explain the "fine points" of identification.But I want at least some information about the bird's life. For my needs, here is a book that I have depended on through the decades in the field....and I still do: A GUIDE TO FIELD IDENTIFICATION, BIRDS OF NORTH AMERICA (A GOLDEN FIELD GUIDE), by ROBBINS, BRUUN AND ZIM.....illustrations by ZIMMER. I love this little book. I have several copies. One of them my Grandmother had!Mr. Sibley.......you have done an exhaustive piece of work. I will keep your book in my collection and I will also buy one or two more or your books for my collection. Good job.
This is a nice, thick, wide tape. However, it is not particularly sticky, and doesn't seem very different from thick packing tape. Note that 3 inch and 4 inch wide versions are available. Especially at 4 inches, that's much wider than any packing tape, and therefore useful for repairing bindings on books, magazines, and other published items.Here's a more meaningful explanation from another site: 3M 845 Book Tape is a tough crystal-clear transparent tape with a long-aging, synthetic adhesive that conforms readily to book contours and flexes with cover movements. Excellent for repairing, reinforcing, protecting and covering bound edges and surfaces. Use on books, magazines, pamphlets, record album jackets and more. The transparent polypropylene backing has excellent clarity which doesn't hide title information or printing and saves time and money by eliminating relabeling. It is tough, flexible, resists abrasion and cracking, and is conformable which reduces rebinding or replacement costs. Its synthetic adhesive is long aging and will not discolor or dry out so it won't deteriorate with time causing possible subsequent repair.
I purchased this for my best friend as a gift to go with a Cricut personal machine. It's a great starter kit that includes a lot of tools that will be needed for scrapbooking.Purchasing all these tools separately would have been more expensive. This kit is a great value, and must have for those starting out with scrapbooking.
I JUST got this machine today and was so excited! I finally bought my own sewing machine. I took it out of the box, went to thread the bobbin and the machine worked for a split second and then nothing. I think the foot control is bad. The machine has power, I have re-read the instructions a hundred times, turned it off and on, tried everything I can think of and it still wont work. Am I doing something wrong??? I am a beginner but have used a sewing machine enough to know the basics and can read and follow directions. Is there a trick that I am missing? I didn't even get to try one stitch! I am really disappointed and am now skeptical of this model in general. I hope it's just something I am doing wrong and not the actual machine. Boo!
Very pleased with the product.. the locking on the sides are very secure and the handle is also sturdy.. perfect for protecting your investment... ( machine ) great value for your money
Speedball Mona Lisa Gold Leaf Starter KitI just purchased and succesfully Used this prioduct on SIGN Lettering, and Although I am a professional Artist, I have never used anything like this or gold leafed anything before, but I was amazed at the ease of use, and success I had because of the great instructions included!Should I ever need to gold leaf anything again, I'd buy more of these GREAT products in a heartbeat, and You should also !I also bought some extra Gold leaf Flakes and a book of sheet in case I made an error, but this kit contains a package of leaf and is ready to use immediately out of its packaging ! and it was more than enough for leafing THE 21 4" routed Letters on My new Sign, " W O O D B I R D S I N F L I G H T . C O M " and I still have plenty left over for another project ! The Price is right and the Product is Fabulous !You won't regret buying this, and I certainly don't !Relax ,Have Fun and Enjoy it !Pocono Pat[...]
I am a guy and admit I don know ALOT about sewing machines but I grew up watching my great Grandmother sew EVERYTHING and my Home Economics class was one of my best grades in high school because I could use a machine and was always interested. I mean it IS a power tool right? Anyways I do all of the sewing around the house because my wife can't sew a stitch to save her life so I figured it was time for a machine. I had read all of the reviews about this little jem and it seemed that the one glaring negative was it's inability to sew heavy fabrics but I decided to pull the trigger regardless. Well let me say that this machine CAN and HAS sewn H E A V Y fabric and did so like a champ! I have a friend who recently shipped out for Afghanistan and needed a clip board that would strap to his leg for Medevac requests so he had it handy and a writing surface if he needed it in a pinch. I went to Joann's and decided on "Duck Canvas" which is fairly tough. I began sewing and was anxious to see the result. After doubling and tripling seams, sewing through 8 layers of thick canvas at times it never missed a beat!!! I even had velcro over some of those 8 layer canvas parts, NOT 1 HICCUP!! Just out of curiosity I tried my wifes Grandmothers 40 year old Singer (which I've heard are the "workhorses") and it didn't come close!! So if you're worried about thick fabric....DON'T BE!!! The ONLY problem I had was the presser foot being too low causing some hand turns of the wheel to help with feeding but I have not sat at a machine that was any better (including the singer) LOOOVE this machine!!! For the money I'd give it 20 stars if I could!!
I have bought this kit to do a papermaking project with my son. Unfortunately, we could not watch the video as we do not have a VCR, only a DVD player.The papermaking screen is nice, actually you can use either the screen or the window mesh to lift out paper sheets. If you want to create watermarks, you have to sew pattern onto the window screen , as the papermaking screen is too fine for that (sewing would damage it). To drain water from newly made paper sheets we used pieces of denim rather than the plastic sheets supplied in the kit. For making pulp, we used reed fragmides stems boiled for 50 minutes in 3M NaOH solution.Basically, we made nice paper in the end but I would have preferred a screen already stretched on the frame, rather than kept flat by the plastic grid support as it is here.
This pair of scissors is mediocre at best. I can see it's value for those with arthritic hands, with the easy to grasp, spring loaded handles.The pair I had was very poorly put together. The spring which keeps the scissors open kept dislodging and flying across the room. The nut and bolt holding the blades together would also come undone intermittently. I fixed the problem by melting the plastic around the spring, permanently fixing it into place and by tightenign the bolts.My advice is to spend a little more money and get a pair of Henckels scissors, which are much sturdier. The blades also can be separated for easy cleaning (there are no nuts and bolts to become loose either).
I love this thing. It's got the stitches already programmed into the machine so all you have to do is select the one you want, and go! So far I've had no problems with it and I'm not sure how it stands up to stitching together thick material like making a blanket, but I'll add on to this review when I do.
The search engine made it appear that this bobbin fit the Bernina 200e it does not. If you own a 200e do not purchase.
It heats up and melts the glue, but it goes through it so quickly! You want to be prepared ahead of time, because when this thing heats up the glue stick disappears extremely fast! There is a lot of waste.
Very nice color, good quality cnstruction paper. I am giving it three stars, because I was misled by the posting and the image that I was buying 12x18 size paper.
This cutter works very well. and delivery was prompt. Customers need to be told not to fill the entire chamber with oil, but just use a small amount of liquid at a time so it doesn't leak.I would recommend this product to others.
I purchased this set for my sixteen year old grandson. I think the quality of materials were good, although scant in number. The case was a great disappointment for the amount of money spent of $29.95. I found a similar set made by Faber-Castell on another website for $14.95. I purchased yet another drawing Faber-Castell set from Dick Blick web sit for $29.95, and it came with a very nice brief case style case, with multi compartments, and very sturdy. Although this one was set up for a younger user the case could have been used for both of these kits.
My twin girls, 3, loved these stamps but they had a hard time getting enough ink on the stamps. It was almost as if the ink pad had dried out or something, but the package came completely sealed. I will buy other ink pads, and I am sure the girls will continue to use the stamps.
I bought these based on some online reviews. I currently use 140lb Arches paper and W & N Artists' Sable Brushes. I found these very water and have poor pigment. I would not recommend it.
The 1/16" hole punch was a good size for punching holes in fabric in order to crochet an edging. The only fault that I have is the pricing. Martha Stewart makes a 1/16" hole punch, sold at WalMart for much less money and without the extra cost of shipping.So sorry Fiskars
I don't have this foot and I'm glad I didn't buy it. I checked the Brother site and the PC7500 that I own is a 7mm feed dog machine and this foot doesn't fit it even though it is included in the list of machines above.
it came in a big box. then the box is hard to open. it can't even form a proper box. it was ridiculous all around. i prefer the carriers or a better box maker.
If you are tired of counting stitches and using a mag-glass to see your work then a printed pattern is just for you. It is also the prefect project to take on a trip. This design is lovely and practical too. You can follow the color & design pattern or create your own. It is also a great teaching tool. I will gladly suggest the Kitty Pillowcase to anyone. It is colorful,cute and simple to do.
If there is one thing we never seem to have enough of, it is good pairs of scissors. About 6 months ago I received Scotch brand titanium non-stick scissors to review & I have loved them from the first snip! Needless to say, I had the same expectations for these scissors.In a normal day, I need to use scissors for a multitude of reasons. From simply cutting paper to sometimes trimming poultry wings (this is harmless it's like a hair cut). The Westcott brand was put up to a normal weeks use (sans wing trimming) & unfortunately these don't stand up to all the hype.The first thing I noticed was how poorly they cut. I tried to cut some fabric & gave up with them. Since I knew I had to do a review of these, I pulled out my Scotch brand & they outperformed the Westcotts by leaps & bounds! However, for serious fabric cutting, I recommend Gingher. They are amazing scissors!So how about cutting some cardboard? Well they didn't do too well at that either. The Scotch brand stole the show yet again.Non stick for cutting tape? The blades get sticky. The Scotch brand performs better. They get goo on them too, it just takes a tad longer & the blades are easier to clean.Comfort of use? These are very uncomfortable! Especially when trying to cut things like fabric & cardboard. They hurt! Scotch beat them yet again! I have ridiculously tiny thin hands & my little fingers barely fit in the handles! I cannot imagine them being comfortable if you have normal to large sized hands. Therefore these are only suitable for short periods of use. My hands were very uncomfortable when I used them to trim little tags made from regular paper.It might seem odd to give these 3 stars meaning "They are Okay" when they are so obviously flawed. However, they are being compared to other quality scissors. Not cheap scissors. They are better than the super cheap scissors regarding the sharpness of the blade & they seem sturdier than the cheap brands.If you are looking for affordable quality scissors, skip over these & get the Scotch brand. You will be glad you did.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002QUZNQI/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
I like the form factor, I like how eazy the blade comes is unprotected, protected. But I'm not sure it really does that great of a job, I bought it for the wife to cut down boxes (we buy way too much through Amazon),and she really doesn't like it.It is probably a great hobby blade, scrapbooking etc, but for heavier around the house tasks, eh..
My 2 girls love Sculpey clay, so when I saw they offered clay to make erasers I knew they would love that too. They had lots of fun making all kinds of erasers, but that's where the fun ends. The clay does NOT erase. It just leaves a colored smear on the paper. If you are looking for something fun and creative for your kids buy some regular Sculpey clay, but don't waste your money on this. Its not worth it.
Pencil kept breaking each time I tried to sharpen it....threw it away after half the pencil broke away.My advice to others thinking of buying it and having it shipped to you is to find a local stationery shop that stocks it and buy it there.
As the title says this is a low grade construction paper. I found it to be a bit flimsy and a dark gray, rather than black. The price is right for throw away student projects.
BEWARE - description is misleading - this is NOT vellum paper at all. It is cardstock in ivory color but the product was lumped in with other vellum paper stock so seemed a good price. Very misleading - it is CARDSTOCK not see-through VELLUM stock. Also arrived in 2 shipments and one shipment was badly torn when received.
This has been great help in preserving things. I hvae used it on many projects including some of my miniatures with great results every time.
Since the thermostat on our old press stopped working in the middle of a huge project with a deadline, we needed this press immediately. It came in less than 24 hours. Great! On the second day of use, a nut and bolt literally came flying off the arm, popping the top crooked while in use. Not so great. Someone could have been injured. The bolt was poorly customized for the press and we had to fashion a new one. There was no time to return the press becuase of our deadline. This press is also awkward to use when opening and closing the top because of the huge bar with controls across the top. However, it does do a good job.
Yarn Ball Winder Love it, Makes yarn winding a snap. The only thing I don't like (or maybe it's me) is the clamp mechanism. Other than that, it makes short work out of a tedious process.
If you've ever owned cheap dollar store children's scissors, you'll understand why Fiskars are superior.* They have a blunted tip for safety.* They have excellent paper cutting ability, especially important for children who are just learning or have difficulty handling scissors.* They can be used by both lefthanded and righthanded children.* Though they cut paper, they don't easily cut skin. I can run my hand over the blade without hurting myself.* Quality construction. The blades line up perfectly and the handles don't fall off.I once bought dollar store children's scissors, but now I only buy Fiskars.
It is a decent program(PC Stitch) and it loaded fine but when I went to use it, it would not work with my version of Windows Vista. It was and older program and I could not find anything on it on the web but again I didn't look that hard.The program is good i'm sure for it's day but I found a newer version and it works really well. I did not try to make it compatible in my current OS.
Just to clarify: the feed dogs do not drop, however there is a little plate for about 4 dollars that covers them as if they were dropped. No problem at all. A minor inconvenience. This is a terrific little machine for lugging to classes or retreats.It's little carry case looks like a tapestry purse. and away you go!!
I bought the Brother 25-Stitch Free-Arm Sewing Machine - XL-2600i and needed the carrying case as it didn't come with one. The case will work but it does not fit snug, it moves around a little bit when carrying it. My old Singer machine had a case that came with it so it fit snug, so compared to that it is not perfect but it works fine.
In the photo, it looks like there are plastic containers within the case for each item (pins, spools, etc). When it arrived, each item was in a (non-resealable) cheap plastic bag. I need it for a conference, so will keep it, but wanted to let other buyers know.
Westcott is a big name in scissors, and I've had good luck in the past with this brand, so I thought I'd be safe in ordering this inexpensive item. However, what I got was a nice looking but not very useful scissors that has trouble cutting almost anything I've thrown at it. Paper, plastic, other simple household items--should cut like butter. Maybe I got a lemon--not properly fitted--because it just doesn't bite into things the way you'd expect a 200-year-old technology to handle. Oh, well.
Bought this for my daughter,a scrapbooker, for Christmas. She is the talk of her show. All her counterparts want to know where she got it from. Great value for the price. Looks even better than the photo.
The photo looked great and the price seemed very reasonable. I knew this wasn't going to be a great piece of cabinet work, but I certainly expected better. I could tell the moment I received the package that I was in for trouble. Sure enough, the flimsy packaging did little to protect the even flimsier cabinet inside. I opened it up to find had broken apart in many pieces. If I shipped it back, I expected the same result due to the bad packaging. It was made of wood so inexpensive one would think parts of crates were recycled in its making. I decided to glue it back together to see what it would look like. It approximates the photo. But this is a poor piece of cabinetwork at best - it really looks like it was cut and put together by inexperienced children. Save your money and buy something more well made - or better yet, go to a local cabinet maker and have him build you something you can be proud to own.
I wonder why so many people recommend this machine. This is super cheapy "made in china" machine. I bought it about one month ago (because I believed over 4 star recommendations), I'd had so many troubles with bobbin feed and needle move. Today I returned it. I'm Japanese so I used to have almost same brother machine made in Japan. It was great machine but I didn't bring it for living in US. I'm so regret I should have brought it. I'm really disappointed with this anyway!All brother and singer products in us are made in china now. That's a problem.
this could be a great cartridge if it had the numbers 9 & 0....but they don't! how could they do that? And I needed it the first time I used it. How sad.
I've had no complaints about the sharpness and i really appreciate the trademark Oxo rubber handle which makes cutting easy. However, I must agree with Clifford Z's review; the little red clip slips down every time i use them. Then the clip prohibits the handles from closing completely, so midway through the cut you have to flip it out of the way. Oxo design team should tweak this problem and come up with an improved design.
This machine is easy to use.Quit sewing for a few years but picked it up again and this machine is good for a start up again.Great run for my money, despite the confusing instructions.I love sewing again.
This machine is very useful, I loved it!It's easy to use, you just have to pay attention to do not drop any stich, but it's very easy to knit.
I should give this no stars, but mine didn't have as many problems as other people have said they have had. It can't take much, it doesn't do the job well, and the bobbins that they give you can't be re-wound with a different thread once you have used up what they gave you! I'm with the others: take your needle, batteries, and bobbin and throw the rest away! You will spend more time undoing the poor job of this machine than if you were to try to do the project by hand!
A good price for calculator paper, but it's pretty thin. It works fine, I just wish it had more substance.
Just a little disappointed with this scrapbook. It was just what I had wanted, but it was warpped and bowed in the middle when I got it. I liked the way it looked like leather.
I was not able to use it as the transformer was also burnt. decided the floor lamp was not worth spending more money. Gave the lamp to the garbage man.
I've never sewn anything before and wanted to start sewing as a hobby. I researched extensively beforehand and decided this was the one I wanted to buy, both from the reviews here and independent articles. I live in Australia, so it was a bargain compared to other similar brother machines. The exact same machine here costs $600, so I was so happy to find it at this price.I ordered it on the 9th of May and received it on the 6th of June. I was so excited that the wait was worth it. Once i got it, i started sewing a jumper out of polar fleece material. Nothing fancy. I had just sewn on a sleeve and was pinning another when i heard a POP. SMOKE CAME OUT so I turned off my machine. Not sure what I should do, or who can even repair it, but I honestly cannot afford anything, since the cost to fix will probably be more than that of the machine. Can anyone tell me why it blew up??
This product is truly MAGIC!!! 54 years ago as a new bride, I started using this stick on my husband's white shirt collars. Remember this was back when laundry detergents were not as developed as they are today. WHAM!!--neckline grease & dirt came off! You can't go wrong with this product!!!!
I own it but you can never have too much adhesive refills! Xyron is the best for everything! Great machines and refills.
i bought this product rushedly. that was a mistake on my part. this sewing dummy does not have the average shape of a woman.for women with wide ribcages and small breasts, wide hips but no [...], this is for you. i am NOT in anyway downtalking women like that. i am simply saying that this dummy was made for women of that body type. i do not have that body type and when i started making clothes acording to this dummy, my clothes were turning out to hardly fit me right at all. not to mention that the dummy does not have a natural curving body. when to the side, it is straight as a board. the natural human body has a dip in the lower back and then curves back out to where your [...] is. not this dummy, though. just straight down. big disappointmentbut other than that there is more bad things to add about this dummyit is not well made. the quality is low. after i adjusted the dummy just a couple of times, the top of the dummy started to detatch from the pole and therefore making the torso completely uneven. the adjusting system is VERY bad qualityi have to use duct tape to kepp my dummy from detatching again. therefore: i can't adjust it anymoreso please if u are looking for a dummy that will fit the average girl's body well and that will stay in tact, do NOT get this dummy
This book is wonderful. It answers a great deal of question about sergering and is very detailed. The information it gives can be used with any machine. I have recommended this book to others.
This device has a nice sturdy design. The handle is not too hard to squeeze, allowing for hours and hours of painless use. The flower punch is a perfect slice every time. Have probably made over 26,000 hole punches and the flowers are still as neat/nice as the very first cut.
I have owned the machine for over a year now. I am sure than anyone who gave this machine more than 1 star didn't own it long enough to figure out how sucky it really is. The first thing is that the manual isn't very good. I think they were afraid of text because descriptions are short and lacking detail. The second complaint I have is a common one for this machine: it jams up all the time! I spend more time screwing with the tension and re-threading than sewing. It is so frustrating! I had to take it to a professional to fix it once and it is broken again. It isn't worth it for me to keep fixing this headache of a machine! Trust me on this one, spend some extra money and get a better machine.
This is a neat little paint mixer for the arts and crafts people. It's a bit on the cheap side, but it doesn't cost much either. So no complaints from me so far. Why these can't be made in the USA, I don't know. Just like everything else i guess. It's cheaper to make them on the other side of the world, then ship them to the USA, and still be able to make a profit on them ?????
The Madeira Thread Treasure Chest is a great value! Madeira is quality thread. This is also available in Polyester at an increased cost. You will love having the full complement of thread colors, including varigated and metallic. Storage chest is great - there is a spot for every thread color. Included is a color card, too. This shows actual thread samples for every thread available in the chest.
This is an amazing product. I bought it for my niece's birthday and she loves every aspect of it...The side stand, the cushion to sit on, and the rocker are all... my niece uses it not only to sit down and enjoy a good book on colours, farm animals or numbers but also uses it to rock her animals to sleep... It is good to see her enjoying itself so much!
I am incredibly frustrated by this machine. It ran well at first - seems well-made, sturdy, and easy to use. An hour into my sewing machine explorations (I am a total novice), and I can't get the darn thing to sew. It's tricky pulling up the lower thread. When I do pull it up, the machine jams immediately with the first stitch, resulting in that dreaded "bird's nest." The bobbin case keeps popping out. I was initially able to resolve this by adjusting the bobbin tension. But after another 20 minutes of sewing, this has started all over again, and no amount of tension adjustment makes any improvement. 30 minutes of Googling leads me to speculate that I've either damaged the needle or messed up the hook timing. Not sure how to adjust the hook timing, since it's not described in the manual. How about replacement needles? Can't figure out where to get those either.This is an ongoing problem with Euro-pro products, and the reason that I will probably never buy another Euro-pro machine again. It's extremely difficult, if not impossible, to find replacement parts. And the manual is so simplistic that it's just a joke. Useless. I know that a lot of my problems are just because I've never used a sewing machine before, but the cryptic instruction manual and the absolute dearth of information available on the internet for this machine make it a total bust for me. One more try tonight before it gets sent back.**Updated - ** I returned this and got a Singer that was cheaper, but with fewer functions. It works beautifully, and I love the reassurance that having a common brand brings.
Do not buy this! Needle is terrible difficult to thread, can't get it to stitch after working with it for an hour. Such a disappointment for my daughter. Follow the old adage, you get what you pay for. Singer should be embarrassed to have their name on this.
bought this for my mom who had been saying she wanted it everytime she saw the ad on tv unfortunately after recieving the product there were practically no instructions and after some time of trying to figure out how the thing went together we just gave up I would not recommend
Didn't fit my singer. I also didn't realize that I could return it and I think I missed the return window.
You may think scissors are just scissors but these feel very nice to the hand, cut very well and seem to stay sharp longer than most. My inclination would be to give them a top score. However, I haven't had them for years... and scissors should last years.I'm wary of giving them them a higher rating because another review reported "the plastic center axel into which the pivotal screw inserts broke - rendering the pair useless... seems like a critical place -- so why do they make it out of cheezy plastic?"Maybe they've fixed that. Maybe they haven't. I'm not going to break mine apart on purpose to find out. Now I feel like I'll have to be a little more careful about cutting things that are tough, despite the "titanium."
If i could give it a minus star review I would, do not waste your money on this. Although it's a good idea the quality of the thread is cheap and some bobbins were not threaded properly the thread was bunched up. I will be using the thread for hand sewing clothes for my nieces dolls, so as not to feel guilty for the waste of money.
Thank God I did not pay full price for this chair...It has little ability to rock and the surface is stained easily and frays easily...Not worth the money and I purchased it on sale.
This cutter fit the bill. We needed to perforate meal tickets and couldn't find a cutter to perforate anywhere. Fortunately, Amazon had the Fiskars and it worked like a charm.
This was a waste of $$ for me. It would be fine for construction paper or heavier weight, but it was way too wet for my patterned paper. I couldn't get a nice, flat adhesion. Also, it leaked when I brought it on an airplane. (Note: this counts as a liquid). So far I haven't found a better adhesive than PVA.
The punch seems good...smooth circle, smooth edge. The product title does not say circle or scallop and under the color description it states "1.25" Scallop Circle". This is not correct. The punch is 1.5 circle as shown in the picture. I should have looked a little closer because I wanted a scalloped circle so planned to return the item. Amazon processed my return and did not require me to return the item. How awesome is that...granted I purchase frequently...but that is great customer service! Saved me the trip to UPS or USPS. Thanks!!!! Not sure what I'll use the 1.5 circle punch for but maybe my kids can find a use ;)
The kids love to smell the stamps, lots of fun and enjoyment, it makes using stamps special, great fun for the kids!
Great sewing machine...I'm enjoying it very much and am tickled I got such a great bargain.
I'm a graphic designer and bought this to use for small projects both professional and personal. Also I have created stickers before and got them made through sticker companies online and haven't been pleased by the look and how much I paid to get them made; so I figured I could just do it myselfSo I bought this item along with an Xyron 150 X Create-a-Sticker. Since the Sticker maker only goes up to 1.5-inches wide I could only make stickers around that size. The directions on the box were a little confusing for me even with the little pictures and I admit I still don't have the hang of measuring on this thing. But when I got to the smaller size circles I wanted, I found it kind of hard to press down on the orange button and for the cutter to even cut. I'm guessing because of the blade being closer to the Gripper foot piece.I like it though. Great for big and medium circles. It makes clean edges and that's always good. If your making smaller circles don't press hard on the orange knob and go around twice just to make sure.
muy bien! la maquina es excelente producto! todo el proceso se realizo sin ning&uacute;n inconveniente! buen precio! recomendado 100% gracias!
I bought this machine on the recommendation of my sewing instructor. It is everything I wanted... easy to use, affordable yet with plenty of functionality
As noted by other reviewers, it gets hot fast. DO NOT use originals. Also, please note that it ENLARGES ONLY If you want to project an image to trace onto a smaller canvas, this machine cannot do it. If you want to to trace onto a same size canvas as the original, this machine cannot do it. You must reduce the image first on a scanner or copier. The focus range is also extremely limited. If you want something to ENLARGE and trace simple, non precious originals, this will work. If you want to create quality art, this is not the machine for you. Good luck!
I loved this machine because of its ease of use and wide variety of stitches. It worked great until it read error message "E6" which means there is tangled thread. There was no tangled thread that I could see, but I cleaned out bobbin case and rethreaded the machine. Still no luck, instead it now made a horrible sound before beeping and then showing the error message. I used this machine for maybe 5 hours when it did this using light weight fabric, quality thread, and a simple straight stitch. This one is going back and I'm looking for a different model. If it has problems this fast out of the gate, I hate to see what happens after a few heavier projects.
I bought this stencil set for two girls ages five and three and had the opportunity to play with them once they received the gift. They were fascinated with them but needed some encouragement and direction how to use them. It comes in a nice plastic case with a handle and is easily stored and portable to take with on trips. It is also organized with primary colors and also with seasons/holidays of the year.
The tool worked as designed however there is a fairly flimsy little piece of metal that holds the selected bit in place. After punching 1 hole in 4 or 5 belts the little metal piece broke rendering the tool useless.Other than that "single point of failure" the tool is sturdy and very easy to use.
Another great Fiskars product. Handles well, cuts beautifully and the quick press button blade retractor is a good safety feature.
The quilt squares are starting to unravel as the knots are being tied. The fringes are so short it is difficult to make the knots to make the quilt. I don't recommend this for anyone.
If you are looking for a good photo paper that will give your images an almost watercolor like result this is it. Combined with Photoshop the results have a soft muted effect that works well with color, sepia or black and white.
My 8 yr. old daughter bought this item herself and loves it! She understood from the beginning that it would take a long time since it was doing nature's job of "thousands of years" in just one month. In a world of toys that offer instant gratification for our youth, this one teaches them that nature just doesn't work that way! Yes, it's noisy (we put ours under a styrofoam cooler & put a rock on top & that helped A LOT), yes, it's takes time, and yes, it is a bit messy, but look what you get in the end. Through all three steps, your child (and probably you too) learn the process and see how nature can turn a seemingly ugly rock into a beautiful gem. If you don't like noise, waiting or a little mess, this isn't for you. If you do like cause and effect, you will love this product. Remember, Rome wasn't built in a day!!...
This is the first Brother sewing machine I have ever owned; all others were Singer. Takes a little getting used to. So far so good. Good value for the price I paid.
This gallon of paint does not have a smooth texture, there are lumps in it. My son uses it for body paint at high school sporting events.
I received this item missing 2 of the brushes, one broken, a slightly crushed case, and the product appear to have been used. The shipping packaging was fine. I began the process of return for replacement, which was not offered, only a refund. Problem is the refund amount is only two thirds of the purchase price after shipping, even less with UPS pickup. I'm keeping the item as it was intended for a gift, but I will have to try finding replacement brushes at the craft store. So much for internet convenience. If it was complete, it would be a nice little gift for a young person new to sumi e.
My 7 yr old found this machine on the bottom shelf of ACMoore with a clearance sign for $3. She was SO EXCITED because she is not allowed to use my good machine. The other reviewer is correct - directions are worthless, the stitches that the machine makes are awful and even as an experienced sewer, this machine is so different it's difficult to troubleshoot. BUT - as a homeschooler we can use it as a bad example and compare it to a good machine to illustrate the tension problems with bobbin thread and the whole basic function of a sewing machine. THEN we're gonna take this baby apart and not be concerned with breaking an expensive or even a machine of any value whatsoever!!!I can't believe I see these on Ebay for $20+ .... it's not even worth the box it is packaged in.
Good size texture and finish. Wish I could post a pic of the finished pastel work I did on this paper, it really held the layers of color and still allowed for plenty of blending and detail. Loved it!
I find this cutting system to be too big and heavy to take to crops and it takes a lot of space plus you need a glass cutting mat to use it.
Pins came pre-bent six to be exact, and two had the ends blunt instead of point making them non usable. Just not worth the price I would send them back but not worth that either.
I used my newly purchased machine to straight stitch in the ditch of a table runner. After that, nothing I could do could get the top thread and bobbin thread to lock together. The table runner stitches were very tightly together(I couldn't take stitches out if I wanted). I checked everything again and again and the manual of course, but to no avail. Out came my 30 year old Pfaff.
I asked for a jewelry cleaner for christmas and recieved this one as a gift. It is very loud when operating and the lid vibrates because it does not shut tight. I have to put a heavy book on top of it to keep the noise down. Also it only comes with four cleaning soultion packets and suggests that you change the solution at each use. The solution is somewhat hard to find.I only gave this two stars because it DOES get my rings sparkling, but with the loud operation and hard to find solution I would not reccomend it.
i purchased this for my 6 year old and she does like the idea of it but is not really interested in sitting down tying knots.
For mending - it is great, it's small and lightweight. I have not tried it on a large project yet.
Heavy duty enough for moderate use. Package is marked with hole diameters in inches but tool is marked in milimeters. So,you have to convert.
The idea of the organization of sewing needs are good, but the products within are not in the tradition of Singer products..I was especially disappointed with the scissors...they are very cheaply made and bend easily when you use them...not how I would expect a pair of scissors to be...the plastic on the handles are very cheaply made...the pin cushion is a mini- size of the larger one that I have...was expecting it to be full size...bobbin holders are cheap plastic. the case however is nice.
The gears are miniscule but have been machined well. If you genuinely want to work on a watch or clock - this is your item, but if you're looking for steam-punk gears you will be very disappointed.
This will fit a small drill bits, but claiming that it fits Dremel Tools is misleading. The thread on this adapter does NOT fit the Dremel Mini keyless chuck, which was the primary reason for purchasing, and was posted, as a recommendation with this item. What should be said is, "It accepts the Dremel Collets". Also I have to mention that the shank that comes out the back is bent and made of a very weak metal, so when you put that in a drill, it wobbles.Thank goodness, the thick part of the shank it true and just the right size to fit in a standard lathe Center chuck. I will modify this to fit properly.
Probably my own fault for not reading the size of the container, but between the $16 in shipping and the $4 for the 7 oz of product, I got taken. you can buy the same stuff locally for $5 for 3-1/2 pounds. Live and learn. I love the way the picture made it look like it was a pail of Borax. Buyer beware.
All parents should be aware that your kids should have fun with this toy but they should also wear clothing that can be stained. Other than that, very good quality product.
This tube is cheaply made and flimsy, which is just about right for the price. The plastic is weak and I wouldn't trust it in any kind of travel situation. And the telescoping mechanism that is supposed to lock in place doesn't.
I was so pleased with the blade for the first pattern, but. the second pattern it became harder to cut through cotton flannel.I know they can't remain sharp for ever, but this is ridiculous.
I liked the finished look, but very time consuming to put together and when it has you glue things on, not sure how long this stocking will last us.
I was ordering these easels for my bosses awards that have black frames. The picture shown on Amazon for the easel is black. The description says black. What arrived were cherry wood colored easels. When I explained to my boss what happend and said I'll refund it and try to get black ones, she was frustrated with me (no doubt thinking I ordered the wrong thing) and said forget it I'll just keep them. I was careful to order the right thing and thanks to someones carelessness, I look like an idiot. I will never order from reorient again. Oh, and beyond all that 2 of the stands wobble because they arent attached symetrically. The hinges were attached while the two wood pieces were not aligned correctly.
I couldn't believe the quality of this set, given the low price. I have paid a lot more for other brand names and have gotten a much lesser quality product. I would recommend them. I don't know if $7 for shipping is fair. I would check at a local Michaels or somewhere first. It may be cheaper. You also risk having your sticks break in the mail.
I use Fiskars paper edgers to decorate 'thank you' notes that I include with my art work. I got a lot of compliments on the packaging! They add a little touch of unexpected care for the recipient and make it more fun for me to create a special package.They are durable, I use them on weekly basis and they still do a great job cutting. I like that each one has a different color as it makes it easy to tell the different edges apart (plus there is an image of the edge on the scissors themselves). I find them comfortable to hold and work with them for a long time.Since the stock image includes the photo of the edge only, I am attaching a photo of the scissors.This scissors are made for a right handed person.
I was a bit frustrated to find after I ordered this that a dress form size medium is *nowhere close* to a women's size medium. When I ordered the product, the size was not clearly stated in the product description. I guess they have updated it, now saying that the Medium dress form is for a women's size 16 - 22.I did miss the inch measurements, so the order is partly my bad. But be sure to dig through the fine print to ensure you are ordering the proper size. Wish it had been front and center so that I didn't have to order / return / reorder again.
but, I admit that I had a couple of hours of frustration with the Autopunch. Then after finally listening to my mother, who by the way is ALWAYS right, I got online and looked up the support information, downloaded the patch, (which you need to save on your computer because you have to run it each time you shut down your computer) and eureka it worked!!! I have been sewing the most amazing things every since. I also joined a group of other Futura enthusiast on yahoo and have been very pleased with all of their help. For the money you can not beat this machine.
The first thing you want to do is check that nothing has broken, spilled, or dried. The emulsion with be thick like glue and blue in color. The remover will be thin and clear like medical alcohol or bleach. Both should have cardboard gasketed lids and foil caps on them. The sensatizer (tiny bottle) should be either dry and at the bottom, or thick and at the bottom. If any of the sensatizer is spilled out of the little bottle (along the threads or down the side) send the kit back for a new one immediately. The product is good if you get it undamaged, but Speedball uses incompetant monkey powered robots made from scrap pulled from the Robot Wars set to package everything so check your stuff.As for operation, when the sensatizer is added to the emulsion it turns a good medium (not quite emerald) green and will turn back to blue after it cooks out when you burn the stencil. Look for a light-medium blue hue and the uncooked parts under the negative image should have a yellow, jaundace like hue to them. When cleaning out the emmulsion make sure to wipe up messes immediately as the emulsion leaves yellow stains on nearly every surface known to man, including porcelin and the steel rim around my sink. Trial and error for new users will happen, just don't leave emulsion in a screen for a long period of time if you don't want a permenant stencil, and clean the screen completely before letting it dry if you don't want a permenant stencil (yes the emulsion remover may make the emulsion impossible to remove. Don't ask me how, I failed mad science 101).
I recently acquired a used Singer Featherweight 132Q which was only used twice prior to my purchase. Although I like that it is lightweight and easy to use, I found it to be very noisy. I do not know if this is typical of the machine, but I would prefer it to be quieter.
I bought this to keep my sewing notions in order and it was a plus to have the thread & bobbins included. The first thing I noticed upon removing it from the box is that if you open the case the wrong way, you end up with the thread spools all over the place. My Main complaint about this product is that the case is very cheaply made. It is plastic and if you were to drop it even once it would break. I am looking for something that is going to last many, many years to come. This does not fit this need.
Wonderful book. I had other bird books previously but the illustrations on this one are far better, making a difference.
I've never had a pair of Fiskars that I didn't just love, whether for sewing, general service or kitchen.
I ordered this Design Runner as a surprise gift for my mom. Well we were surprised all right! We expected it to be a portable handheld computer that you can design your own fonts (like journaling on the computer)Come to find out, it doesn't work that way unless you buy the extension pack for it which is another $50.00. Also it's difficult to get the thing to go in a straight line, and forget about doing turns with it-again only works that way if you order the extra add on packs. When we rcvd ours, the black ink cartridge that came with it did not work. My mom had to go out right away and buy another $40.00 ink cartridge just to get the machine to work. When we called the company about it, they were a major pain in the you know what. Customer service for Xyron is terrible. I was actually surprised at how bad they treated me on the phone, after staying on hold for 30 minutes, and going through four different customer service people. Finally a month later after complaining repeatedly they sent us a new ink cartridge. I said I was surprised with the lousy service, because I own a bunch of Xyron products, and I've never had a problem with any of them before this. I had a strong faith in the Xyron name. Well I guess they just produced a seriously bad lemon on the scrapbook market. Also-my mom has carpal tunnel in her wrist, and this machine is heavy, and difficult to push across the paper and hold the print button at the same time. The ink smeared and the font packs are expensive. I tried it over and over, thinking it was a user error on my part, and nope. The thing is just stinky. I could see how this item would make sense if you only used it for card making, but my mom and I are professional scrap bookers, and it is useless for a page bigger than 6x6. (Or greeting card size.) I personally don't have wrist problems, and the whole next day (after using this product for about 10 minutes the previous day), my wrist hurt. Over all I could not believe the expense of this product with all the add ons, and font packages, and carry case, not to mention the "special" ink cartridges you have to buy for it. Unfortunately I did not buy this item from Amazon, but from another on line scrapbook store, and the store owner, would not give me a refund after spending about $250.00 for the over all package. It's been six months and I haven't used it since we first got it, and I have no desire to ever pick it up ever again. Why put myself through the frustration all over again? I've been trying to unload it since I got it, and I can't send it back to the online store. None of my friends want to buy it from me, and for what I paid I would have to ask at least $50.00. Heck I can't even give this thing away! I hate myself for falling into the whole "I've never tried the product but it looks good from the website" deal. Bottom line-it's a piece of junk. Don't waist your time.-Stick with your at-home printer if you want to journal or title pages in a professional type-font. Item is sooo not worth the hassle. Maybe I can sell it on EBay, to some non-suspecting poor soul.
Zipper Foot was exactly as advertised and just what I needed, Great price... Would purchase from this company again and again.
While the techniques in this video were interesting, I wish that the colors had been more vibrant. There was too much brown!
We bought this for our 11 year old daughter. She is very crafty and imaginative. However, this loom was a nightmare. She tried it twice, and was on the verge of tears with frustration. I think it will end up at Goodwill!
The bed looks very nice.. [...] when you have a toddler who is starting to climb out of their crib..This probably won't make it in the reviews but I'm writing it anyway.
I'm an RPG gamer and designer and I found these bags are perfectly sized for dice and miniatures. I use them a lot for when I'm giving out trinkets as well.
A must have if your a anime artist or any kind of artist for that matter... these pens work great and love how they come in an arrange of sizes.
It looks good on the picture.I liked the colors and the size of pieces when I saw but it is so thick that you can not bend or cut or do anything.Total dissappointment.I think the item is not described well.Do not recommend to buy
This works only for small coins... I had to wait 2 weeks for it to be delivered.
The case is far too big for machine, which slides around when carried. It is less than useful for that reason
I shopped around, did get it cheaper here. still payed to much for it. doesn't work with my machine. not easy to use.
One of my hobbies is Geocaching! Not only do I look for ones hidden by other people, I also hide my own.I have found that regular paper gets wet, turns to mush, one way or the other. Rite in the rain paper gets wet too but,you can dry it out and it doesn't fall apart and is still able to be signed.
Cheap, but exactly as described. Shipping took long time but worth the wait. I was expecting it to be a little bit more thicker and maybe slightly larger. I use these pieces to make zipper pulls for paracord projects among other keychain pieces to attache to a larger split ring.
These stars are TINY and the photo made them look quite a bit bigger. I am unlikely to return such a cheap item but I wont buy from this seller again.
When I used this product to punch holes in rather thick leather, the punch catcher (the little bronze-ish disk on the opposite side os the size wheel) did not catch the punch in the center, creating a punch that was not quite completed on one side. Not good for punching thick leather, nope.-The one and only Lambo Bovino
These patches are fantastic. Lasted through many washings and wears and still going strong. They did a much better job of patching my jeans than a professional did!
The Epson system is very simple to use and produces sharp 4 X 6 prints with fine color reproduction.Sometimes you get lines across the printor even no picture at all.This is due to a dirty surface.It is easy to clean although uses some ink.Each ink refill lasts a long time.I bought mine for $99 and regard as very good value for money
Easy to use. Works better on newer style sissors than it did on old (30 year +).
Ordered 4 rolls for $5 each. I thought they were bigger than they were so I had to order another 4. The price went from $5 to $5.50. Today the price is over $9. Something is wrong with this listing. Not too happy with purchase.
Purchased this item for my adopted chinese neice. I selected this item because of the vibrant colors and tradition design.
Do not purchase this item. Apparently, it isn't just a one time thing. It says a pack of 6 but I only received 1. Also, they could not just ship me the rest of the items. Oh no I had to send it back and repurchase it. I have no intentions of repurchasing an item that should have been done right the first time.
Well first of all i was glad that i could even buy a A4 size paper here in US. The price was not that bad as well. Only bad thing that i experienced was that the cover of the papers came all torn. I only needed few sheets of papers to print some documents that i needed to send abroad so this was an excellent overall buy at the price i paid.
Gave as a gift, when the recipient opened it, the lower half of the case was missing, and unfortunately it's outside the Amazon return window. There are clearly many quality control issues with this product. Avoid.
This is good for the price if you are a beginner. I would save up and get something a little better.
I was nervous to purchase a serger at all...but after research on many this one was my pick. I am pleased to say it is perfect!! Easy to thread and use. Beautiful finished stitches. I cant ask for anything more. I sew often and this is the perfect machine for ending ur sewn items with that professional look!!
I have only been using this for a few weeks and the wheels are so loud and coming apart. I use it for school stuff because I'm a nurse and in graduate school. Don't take it through any parking lots or your wheels will be torn to shreds and people will be able to hear you coming from all the way down the hallway.
Very nice machine and easy to use. Will do just great for my crafts and quilts as well as all other sewing I may need to do. I am a beginning quilter. Easy to understand instructions for someone familiar with a sewing machine. I have been sewing some for years but may be more difficult for a beginning sewer to understand. I really love this nice light machine.
These embossed seals of Poppies are just elegant; well worth the price.I have never seen any quite like them, or any seals in this price range that are as nice. Highly recommended.
Seems like the lowest cost giant roll of paper. Not much to say about the paper. It's just want I expected. I don't know the exact thickness, but it feels and seems like regular 8.5 by 11" white paper. If you are expecting butcher paper thickness, this is not butcher paper. This is basically just a giant roll of cheap white paper. I think one reviewer called it see through thin. It's not think like tissue. It's think like regular paper and just as transparent. This is the perfect giant roll of white drawing paper. Feels like regular paper texture as well. And since I wouldn't water color on regular printer paper, I wouldn't water color on this as well. But everything I would use regular paper for, this works just a well.
I've purchased this print pack many times before and the print cartridge ink lasts almost as long as the 100 photo sheets. I just got a message of low ink - it looks like its 75% used up, and I've only printed less than 20 photos. Pretty disappointing! Maybe it's better to purchase the cartridges and paper separately.
I was looking for a match to the Cotton Candy yarn I already had. There are no dye lots persay for most of the yarn sold today. I realize that you can not count on a exact match but this was at least two to three shades off and it appeared to be a bit worn from moving around or maybe not being stored properly. I should have just chalked it up to a lost cause in trying to find a match for the yarn I but I was hoping for a passable match but it did not work out.
Have used this glue gun at least a dozen times and so far its been good. Haven't had any issues with the glue dripping excessively like have with other glues guns I have purchased in the past.
Reading the reviews, I am absolutely amazed that anyone is actually satisfied with this product. The directions on assembly were not very clear; I ended up assembling the pieces by analyzing the picture on the front of the box since the written instructions were incomplete. Also, I was afraid of assembling it incorrectly since, as per factory warning, once assembled it is absolutely impossible to take it apart. I tried going to the website: [...], only to discover that the website is defunct. Great!The general heat-and-pour process was simple enough. Unfortunately, once the wax thoroughly heated and I released the hot wax into the mold--the tiny black plug that is supposed to block the wax from coming out came loose and the wax rapidly dripped out of the mold and unto my cardboard layer and also unto the unit itself. With a couple of quick moves, my husband and I shifted the mold, burned our hands with a few splashed of hot wax then held the dripping canister over the melting pot until it all FINALLY dripped out.So guess what I had to do to finally make this work--I had to wrap the little hole at the bottom of the mold with PACKING TAPE in order to stop the wax from dripping out. Not exactly the magical candle making process that I had always dreamed of.I bought this little piece crap with a 40% off coupon at Hobbly Lobby, making it less than 20 bucks. You get what you pay for, I guess. Very disappointed.
I really like this paper. It is great to work with and lasts a long time. I only wish that they would have more sizes. I make mobiles of cranes and I like lots of different size paper at the same weight.Amazon came through again.
Works fine for making most sewing projects. Have not had any problems with the machine and fine for beginners or small projects.
I have only sewed on my machine a couple of times and it has already gone to the shop! Service guy worked on it for three hours and told me to come get it! Can't be fixed!!! The bobbin casing was defective and several other problems. I feel like I just threw my money away. Won't buy Singer again!
These scissors definitely do cut cleanly and smoothly. The smaller one is great for cutting intricate shapes. Very well made. My only gripe, which is probably my own fault, is I find it uncomfortable to cut more than a few pages/pictures. I usually prefer scissor handles that can fit three fingers on the bottom and my thumb on top. So if you do a lot of crafts or cut a lengthy amount of time, you should purchase the right or left handed ones. They are defintely more comfortable to handle.
If you have a 3D printer, such as a Makerbot, Ultimaker, or RepRap, this spatula is perfect! It's strong, thin, but not sharp, so you can pop your prints right off of the print bed without any scratches.
The chest is very compact and holds quite a bit more stuff than I would have expected, but doesn't quite do what I had hoped. It is very inexpensive, so I wasn't really thinking it would be amazing, however I thought somehow, that the spools of thread would be larger, or that the spacing between them would be greater. I didn't believe I would be getting 100yrd spools of DMC thread or anything, but I had hoped that I could easily reuse the rods with the smaller DMC spools, but I think it'll only hold Gutt. thread spools. Also the poles are pretty short, so it's unlikely I'll be able to store bobbins beneith the spools like I like to.I do recomend this for anyone who doesn't have a lot of the individual tools, ect, as it's a cheap way to get most of them. You'd still need to buy yourself a nice pair of sheers for cutting fabric, and some ballpoint needles (the needles they include are rather cheap), but other than that you probly wont need to buy anything else for a while.
These needles are very poorly built. Whatever metal they used is very soft. My three year old could have bent these needles in half!
The Good:* the price (you get three cutting handles, several blades, and a magnetic holder for five bucks)Keep in mind that not all the blades pictured fit the larger cutter. It will not grip the narrow base, so those blades are for the smaller handles.* the magnetic strip works and makes it easy to put away/take out new blades* the blades are sharp, but haven't tested how long they hold an edge.Otherwise, this has the feel of a cheap product:* the tabs on the case hinge crumbled as it was taken out of the packaging(maybe these have been sitting in the sun a long time)* the case won't stay shut (the latch was improperly manufactured)* the largest cutting handle is a bit shorter/lighter than higher-quality models (this could be considered a benefit for those with small hands)
This paper is NOT magenta. It is downright PURPLE! Not AT ALL the color I was looking for. Also the paper was not the soft &#34;construction paper&#34; texture I expected, but I leave that as my fault.
this is not your old buttoneer this has thin small fastners that do not hold buttones on you can not buy heavier fastners, the old buttoneers you could put a button on a coat not this one, it doesn't hold a button on double cotton fabic sorry i brought this is NOT the original
Used various colors of this for tie dye. I couldn't get the dye and salt dissolved completely in the bottles. The colors were not true because it was too concentrated. Additionally it contains a grit-like substance that clogged the bottles.I am giving it 3 stars because I did not follow the enclosed directions.
I was happy to find this yarn. I was the benefactor of tons of yarn when my mother passed away. Unfortunately, I started a project with this yarn and needed one more skein. This yarn has been discontinued. I was surprised at the price since it was 3 times the regular price. There were only 3 skeins left from this vendor but only purchased one because of the price. Even at $5 a skein I would have purchased all 3 skeins but $10 a skein was way too high.
After my 25 year old Singer electronic passed on, I needed a replacement to sew simple household projects--curtains, dog beds, placemats. The negative reviews gave me pause, but the one-step buttonhole and drop-in bobbin features at such an affordable price made me take a chance on this machine, and I'm glad I did. Ironically, I've sewn very few simple projects since purchasing this machine six months ago. My first task was to cuff several pairs of slacks, for which the blind-hem stitch worked perfectly. I've just completed a silk waistcoat, for which the button-hole feature worked wonderfully the first time (at least after discovering the correct position for one control). My next project will be a renaissance-style wedding dress, and my experience with this machine suggests it will perform above my original expectations. So far, the only problems I've encountered are those I've created myself by improperly threading the machine. My only complaints: it's pretty ugly, and the pressure foot could be heavier.
this dress form is great for the money. I like the fact that it is light enough to carry from room to room.I solved the flat chest thing by putting a stuffed bra on it for a more realistic fit.
We bought this sewing machine in March and my wife is learning to sew. We do not use the machine very often so it is very disappointing that we are now on our second visit to the shop. The first one happened just within the 90 day warranty, and we were able to send to official center 60 miles away. That problem was clearly a manufacturing defect where a part came loose inside. This second problem is the actual sewing is now not correct. Appears to be a tension problem, but everything appears ok. At this point, we are on the edge of buying a new machine that is more robust. I will wait and see what the shop says tomorrow. Could cost us more to fix it than it's worth. Timing is terrible, as my wife started a class two days ago. The reliability of this product is unacceptable. Very unhappy. (Are all the new machines plastic now? Miss the old metal units and metal bobbins).
I was looking for a replacement sewing machine. I'm a beginner and didn't want to spend too much money until I knew how much I would use it. This was a perfect replacement machine for me!
This product is not the Iowa State University fight song, it is the fight song of University of Iowa. There is a difference between the two universities, just ask any football fan or alum. My husband was kind enough to tell me this was not correct before I placed them in the stuffed animals I made as Christmas presents for a few Cyclone fans.
Bought the identical zipper tab for a winter jacket at a local fabric store. Wish they were twice as big, but I haven't been able to found any other replacement that works other than a large paper clip (which keeps working its way off). This replacement zipper tab also worked its way off the tiny ring that goes through the original zipper's (large paper clip sized) hole. Crimping the ring may fix that.
Stronger than I needed and would cause some bags and purses to become damaged, I think. I bought them to fill a &#34;free shipping&#34; order. I will find a good use for them though, I'm sure.
It is rare that I write a review. I do read and appreciate other reviews though. That is why I felt it is important to leave one about this paper.In terms of quality - it does do nice print outs. In terms of printing with it - it is a nightmare!I am using an Epson R1900. It is almost impossible to feed this paper in the manual paper feeder in a way, that is accepted by the printer. I would say at least 9 out of 10 times, does this paper not feed into the paper feeder correctly. Anybody who has to work efficiently and whose time is valuable cannot afford to buy an expensive paper and then spend hours trying to get a few prints done.I would never, ever buy this paper again. I am really angry to have spend my money on an epson paper to use with my epson printer and then not be able to easily print.If you own an R1900 do not buy this paper!
Couldn't be happier with the pens, just what I expected. Fantastic! I am filling a book with a lot of Zentangles.
The Chiller is great and was delivered on time and met the description from the add. Would like to have had the oils and manufacturing grease removed. I knew I would have to sterlize it, but the manufacturer knows it is going to be used in beer making and just provides directions for removing the oils. Should be done before shipping.
I was getting a bit frustrated trying to teach my daughter (age 5) the proper pencil hold. She was getting frustrated, too, to the point that she didn't want to draw or write anymore. These triangular pencils really helped!!! Try them!!
I bought this to repair a broken slider.+ Provided the parts to repair, but these only include zipper sliders and stops- I didn't receive an assortment of zipper colors, and only got *gold* stops, so when all was said and done my jacket had a gold sparkly piece at the top (the rest is white with a gray zipper).- The instructions are worthless. Look the repair instructions up on youtube.Don't buy this. I would recommend going to a crafts store, buying the singular parts you need and can see while in store (they can't cost more than 2-3$ alone) and then watching a YouTube video.
It was really noisy the whole time and the rocks never changed.
The lighter worked well when I just received the product (just not windproof at all), but after a while, it'll lit up but get blown out for no reason, lasting less than a second. I had to turn the lighter upside down to start it and then turn it straight for it to work. Quite a waste, though the blue flame looks great.
I have a Brother SE-350. When I entered the card in to the machine it simply said "This card does not work with this machine." I have no idea why that would be and am very frustrated.
While this tape is a tiny bit thicker than the standard Scotch packaging tape, I can't see that it is really worth the higher price. As with all new products, I like to try them out exactly how the directions say before doing things my way, and the directions for repairing a paperback book are pretty much useless. The tape rips easily, so trying to make precision cuts with a normal pair of scissors was basically impossible for me to do without the tape simply ripping the whole way across. What "tabs" did manage to not tear off were of no use repairing the book in question, so I quickly abandoned the suggested way and did my own thing. I am thoroughly not impressed with the product and am very disappointed in its quality, especially considering the price.
Couldn't be happier. One of the types of investments you make that you say, "I can't believe I didn't make this investment sooner". I'm able to combine all of my product lines catalogs into one Binder for my Distributors.
If you like to do arts :& craft this is the best Photo Glue Stick Pen you should buy.
While it does what it is supposed to ~ the quality just isnt there. And it gets HOT! Not something children should use - unsupervised.
These pins make pin-basting a quilt so much easier than straight pins. The bend makes it easier to baste through all three layers in a quilt.
I'm sure this product would be nice, as it was everything I was looking for. However, this company absolutely does not ship APO. It is not expensive nor are they shipping to a foreign country. APOs count as U.S. addresses. They seriously need to rethink this policy.
WOW, this blade are way long lasting than the OLFA blade. My wife use OLFA cuter and OLFA blade for years. last week she ask me to get her a replacement blades. so I check this out and order her a pack of 5 to try it oot. WOW, 4x longer life than OLFA and fit well too. this Fiskars blade is cheap and better. go for it!
I wasn't expecting the sun, moon, and stars for $20, but I *was* expecting a quality at least on par with the little sewing kits one can find for five dollars in a grocery store.The box is beautiful, and will be handy for storage. The tools that come with the box, however, are all but worthless. I don't think I've ever had a needle bend in my grasp from just a few minutes of sewing two layers of cotton fabric before. Nor have I ever had one dull within five minutes of use -- I was sewing a pressing cushion twelve inches long by six inches wide on either end, and had to change needles after completing only one end and about three inches of one side in simple backstitch.The pinchushion, of course, has not an ounce of emery in it, which is not entirely unexpected, but to add insult to injury, when I switched needles, the threader broke, on only its second use. The only redeeming item in this kit, then, is quite likely the box itself.
I really do like this yarn and have been using it for many many years. I will buy more of it some day but would prefer to find it a bit cheaper if possible and in a variety of colors. But thank you for the response in getting it sent out right away as I was in the middle of a project and needed the extra yarn to complete.
I recently started using this machine, and I love it. As much as I don't like pink, I wanted the combination of features on this machine. I've been trying out the different stitch functions, stitch widths, etc. with different fabrics, and haven't had any real problems. I just sewed 2 layers of thick fleece together, and it looks great! I've already completed some projects, which turned out quite nicely (I'm quite a sewing novice, so this is very exciting). The only issues I've had have been quite minor. The machine has a lever for reverse-stitching, but I think a button would have been better. In order to avoid "bunching" when you back tack, you need to push the lever ALL the way in and hold it there. Also, I occasionally get some bunching at the first stitch when I start sewing. Of course, that could be user-error, as I don't have a ton of experience. Overall, I'm very happy that I went with this machine - especially for the price. Oh, and the pink color isn't all that bad...it's actually kind of cute! :)
I have a roll of this tape, and another roll of Scotch Shipping Packaging Tape. The latter is widely available at drug stores, food center, and so forth. The width of the two rolls is the same: two inches. The adhesive feels the same to me. Why bother to go looking for this "book tape?" Maybe the book tape is a bit more transparent. I don't think it is quite as strong as the ordinary tape.It is a fine product, like everything else that Scotch makes. I would not go out of my way to find it, because their ordinary tape is similar.
My fiance got me this for Christmas and while it was a VERY sweet thought this easel is awful! The three unsupported legs make it unstable and since EVERYTHING is adjustable it is difficult to make it level. Expect to get out a level EVERYTIME you want to set it up. It is usable but not very convenient. As a former art student and art teacher I have seen and used many types of easels. You are better off with something with more support for the legs and less things to adjust which may not be as portable but better to use.
Not really much fun for a 4 year old. The end product is cute but not a lot of creativity involved
Terrible product - fell apart when I tried to thread it, I never got any use out of it.
I wish I could give this form 0 stars. It's just plain junk. It wobbles, you can barely get a pin through it and it gaps when you turn the dials to make it larger. It also falls down at times. I've had my form for a while now and the only reason I haven't thrown it out is because it holds my jacket and scarf and looks cute from the window. BUT, if you want something you can really use for other than window dressing, I'd say pass this form by. And for over $100 are you kidding me? That's just plain silly. From the looks and feel of this thing, I'd say it cost a 10th of that to make it.
Never done this before? Neither had I when I received this for Christmas a year ago. It comes with some lame instructions, but the DVD explains things clearly. Yes, the safety mat is cheap, but it works. Sure, you have to buy gas, but it's available at any hardware store for cheap. Plenty of glass rods allow you to develop technique.This kit is an entry into the hobby. You hate it after burning through half the glass? Okay, maybe it's not for you, but at least you tried. I enjoyed it enough to buy a better torch and more glass from an online supplier.Consider this if you want to give bead making a try. Just realize it is not complete or professionally built.
This is the biggest waste of money. Had I not had it out of the box already I would return it. I am very comfortable with using a computer and different computer softwares, but this has to be the most un-user friendly that I have come across. The instruction manual is worthless. Learn by my mistake, don't waste your money!
The product itself if great,However I am in Australia and nowhere in this description does it say its not suitable for AU buyers!I have had to purchase a new peddle that is suitable in Australia. Not happy!
I bought this thinking I could use it for my design work, presentations, etc. I'm lucky if I get a perfect corner 1 out of 4 tries. There's almost always a rough spot or something that is unrepairable unless you recut it. It cuts fine, just tough to get it aligned perfectly in the 90 so you don't end up with odd little edges. Maybe had it been larger so you could really wedge the corner up in there, it would be more accurate. I'll keep messing with it, but until now, not a fan...
This sharpener easily and very quickly sharpened all my paper and cloth cutting scissers.However, for my thicker kitchen scissors, it really didn't sharpen them much.I would recommend the product though for those wanting to sharpen normal thickness scissors.
I used my new Brother CS6000i to make several quilts over the past couple of weeks. It worked like a charm! The settings are so easy to use, and my poor old eyes really appreciated the self-threader.My only complaint is the throat of the machine is really too narrow to do much quilting. I made crib sized quilts and it was a big struggle trying to pass the material through the narrowish throat. Other than that, I love the machine.For regular sewing it is perfect!
This case is really good, it fits my 1034D Brothe serger very nicely. The only thing I wish it has, is a compartment below the sewing machine, like with a little trap door or something. but other than that, its great, and it does its job well
I use this pen to make my Cricut mat sticky again once it has lost its hold on paper. Great product for this use!
I bought it to punch holes in my belts. It gets the job done. a really handy tool to keep
These are the worst oblique pen holders I own. They were great for getting started in calligraphy because I bought them at a local store for $1.85 ea. This was last year, not a decade ago. At nearly $8 I've seen very few larger rip-offs on Amazon. Google them, you will immediately find a much cheaper price.
I've had my Sizzix for years...use it constantly for scrapbooking and school projects with the kids. I love it!
Used this for a present recently and I really liked how easily it printed no ink bleeding at all and how bright the colors were. Nice idea for homemade craft projects. Will deffinately use again!
works fine. Please don't make us write all these words. It keeps you from getting reviews. I cannot spend this much time.
this a flat ruler (instead of the triangular one) which packs nicely and assists in measuring blueprints no matter what scale. We use this all the time when meeting with our contractor
It was not what I was expecting. The thread is on cardboard spools and metal bobbins. It does not look like there is much there either. I should have read between the lines and what should I expect for the cost.
My daughter got this for Christmas and within an hour and a half had did everything she could with it. It would be a real cool activity "if" you could find the replacement sticker tape and lamination. Even the big office stores are unable to special order them.allysmom
I haven't done much with this machine yet, but from what I can tell I love it! For a beginner, the Brother XL2600I is perfect. There is a large selection of stitches, automatic button-hole, needle threader, etc.The only complaint I have is the sheet diagraming how to thread the upper and lower threads is a bit confusing. The pictures didn't help that much, and even the instruction booklet seemed a bit scattered. I ran into a lot of &#34;If your machine has _____ go to page __.&#34; Since I JUST bought the machine, I wasn't 100% sure if it had some of these things, so I would have to search the box for some features. All and all I got it threaded and working and I am happy with it. With all things like this, it takes some time to figure out and get use to. I look forward to future sewing projects!
It can be hard to find replacement parts, so we ordered two sets and are still using the first one. A bit pricey for what they are, but cheaper than buying a new hole punch.
I am teaching our two kids caligraphy and not having to dip the pen in ink is saving a messy step and the process is less daunting. The kids love it.
My wife ironed this on the back of her sweatshirt that she wore the morning of our wedding to go and get her hair and makeup done. She also got some for the bridesmaids. They were very cute.
I've had this tote for over a year and a half now, and I still love it as much as the first day I bought it! I take a lot of weekend trips so this is perfect to carry my art supplies around. I love that it has tons of pockets and spaces for smaller items. I think the only thing that doesn't fit in here is my Cuttlebug Machine, but literally ALL my other art supplies fit!! PERFECT! I don't even unpack it at home because I know exactly where everything is in it's own little spot... Great organizational tote for any art room (especially with limited space!)
Yes it's punches 7 holes. Five or less pages at a time. Since we need the funtionality I won't return it, but I'm displeased with the effort it takes to punch, the effort it took to set up the seven spots (all the punches came from the factory/story all bunched up on one end), and mostly displeased with how you can only punch about five pages at a time.
I used 39 lb paper, and had trouble making this punch work consistently. Also, after a short amount of time, the lever started to stick.
We used the test kit to identify a small pile of unmarked gold, sold it on eBay and the customer was satisfied. Next three lots of scrap didn't come out so well. Despite carefully following the (somewhat minimal) instructions that came with the kit, and repeating the test several times, the eBay buyers informed us that we had made a mistake and they wanted their money refunded (naturally we waited until we received the returns and made absolutely certain the buyers had returned the exact same items sold.) Besides the obvious "all that glitters is not gold", we learned that it takes lots of practice and possibly even expert instruction to test gold.
I am giving this 3 stars due to my first reaction to the item when it came and some frustrations at setting it up, and so that you might manage any frustrations that you might have and give her a chance before you decide that you don't like her. She has been here with me for a couple of days, and it's a five star item for its usefulness and price to me today. When I first took her out of the box, I was expecting her to be flimsy as I had read the reviews before purchasing the item. She wasn't so bad. The instructions are poor so it's a good thing she is easily put together. Before you put the 4 stabilizing legs on, pull off the bottom and put on the hem guide or you will have to take her apart and do it later. I put her together and put her in my sewing room. She looked very tiny and I thought I was unhappy with her. I thought I might return her.I took a breath and went in to adjust her to roughly my size. At first, I got very frustrated as she didn't seem to really adjust to the sizes stated. There are no good instructions for adjusting her included. Mostly, it is easy to figure out, except the neck adjustment. So, here is my experience: Start at the neck. push down and turn the dial to the right - start with at least a couple of 'notches', then to the bust, adjust all 4 (don't try to get her perfect yet), adjust her to your measurement on all four dials (front, back and two sides). Move to the next four dials and key to your waist size, the next four and key to your hip size. Go back up and measure her bust, if the bust size is not equal to the measurement on the dials, adjust move the neck dial to the right or left (left smaller/right bigger). She has body length adjustments, but I didn't need them. There are a couple of sentences in the instructions on this adjustment.I have no idea what the numbers on the pole for height adjustment are supposed to be, but they do not relate to my height in inches or centimeters. At least there are demarkations to assist with height adjustment. Take her off the pole to do this or silliness ensues. With her off the pole, you can properly tighten the height into place. I just went shoulder to shoulder with her a few times, and I was done. If you can turn her all the way around on the pole, she isn't on the pole correctly. Just move her around a bit until she falls onto the little bar inside.My sewing room is carpeted and she stands pretty sturdily in there today. I am 5'9" and so is she. Awesome! I put my clothes on her and they fit her the same way they fit me. Awesome! Did I really just get a fully functional dress form for a little over $100? Oh my goodness, awesome! Today, she gets FIVE stars. I threw her box away-she is staying with me. I love this item now, after what really were some minor frustrations.
I didn't find the cover appealing, but picked it up in a hobby store, opened it and immediately decided I had to have it. It has 101 patterns with beautiful photographs of every quilt. There were a number of applique quilts that I had not seen before. This is a treasured book in my quilting library.
Good product. It does slide a bit when pressure is put on it, so I wish it had rubber grippers on the legs, but otherwise I am satisfied with the purchase.
These are perfect and just what I was hoping for when I ordered them. I will not hesitate to recommend these to others.
If you want to do calligraphy, this is a good set. It comes with only 3 nibs and they are 3 calligraphy nibs, however. I purchased an additional set which had all of the nibs I wanted. So, if you can do with only 3 calligraphy nibs, it's fine. The pen is the traditional black wooden pen, and the ink is Speedball Super Black, which is fine with me.I'm glad I bought the package, it's worth it, but I did know I'd be buying additional nibs.
Excellent service and shiping time. A fair value for the money. A typical value for medical instruments made in Pakistan. Not top of the line, but a good value for the price.
The color is a really a washed-out black/ dark gray. You get what you paid for. Spend more if you need black paper.
I have couple of poster sized personal photos printed, and Itoya Portfolio is the right place to store them.The Portfolio fits photos snugly. There are 12 pages in portfolio, allowing storing 24 photos. Plastic covering is scratch resistent and has a black separator for front / back photos.
Wow! Amazon is selling Lion Brand Jiffy for $9.20? It's regular price at Jo-ann's is $3.99, I believe. I just went to Joann.com, and Jiffy waslisted as $3.29 reg. price.
I love sewing machines and have 7 that I regularly use. Some are industrial for faster or heavier sewing but I like to have a little basic one for just sewing clothes. I was really excited to see all of the different stitches and features on this one. I really liked the different speed switch. I liked the several different feet as well as the walking foot, that was a real bonus since I paid $65.00 just for that on another machine that I had. It seems kind of lightweight so I was a bit hesitant of putting it at full speed to sew and I did break the twin needle just trying out the stitches that you use with that. The sewing light is quite dim. The decorative stitches don't look great but the basic stitches work and look good. You really need to use quality thread or it doesn't work as well. I really like how easy it is to thread and program in the stitch that you want to use. This is a great machine for a beginner and the manual is great at explaining what each stitch is used for. I like the larger attachment as well for having a greater surface area to sew on as well as being able to remove it and have the free arm for sleeves etc. I did not have any trouble with the bobbin or tension as others have mentioned. All in all it seems to be a nice machine, I did decide though to give this one to one of our daughters for Christmas instead of keeping it. I have other machines that will do what this does but I paid a few thousand more for it. For the money its a great machine.
I'm an art teacher...I've done plenty of casting, but the instructions for this need to be rewritten. They state leave 1.5 inches at the top after filling with water....not enough space for the powder...and if you pouring then mixing... then the product has different consistencies. [...].
The machine I received was broken. In addition, it was missing all the accessories. I am extremely disappointed in Amazon.com because I sent a message requesting the accessories (before wediscovered the machine was broken) and they sent a reply telling me to contact the manufacturer for the accessories. Be aware that if something is missing from your shipment, they will expect YOU to contact the manufacturer!
It is still sitting next to my computer because I can't get it installed. Very frustrating. I am unhappy that I can't download new designs.
I love the picture, but there is no guidance outline on grid and yarn colors are too similar in colors (i.e., tan/flesh/light taupe/oatmeal). The yarn colors should be separated into each of their respective categories and their wrappers should be titled according to its color classification. Maybe okay for a pro with good eyes and has the time (and patience) to count lines in the grid as to where to start and to hold the yarn up to sunlight to try and figure out what color resembles. Would not recommend - too time consuming and frustrating.
Bought the 24" frame, the ratchet design is a great idea and it would great, but the "S" dowel doesn't hold the fabric in the middle. I can scroll up and down easily, but the fabric is too loose in the middle of the project and after working on it for a couple of hours it becomes so loose that you need to take it apart and set it up again-which is not an easily task since the fabric slips out of the S rods. This might work better for smaller projects, but is a waste of money for large projects. They need to do a "snap in place" rod with the ratchet design, that would work much better.Eve in NJ
It was exactly as discribed nothing more nothing less. I found it to be too small for my use but in their defence they stated the dimentions.
I did not realize this wasn't going to fit on the long shaft for my Brother machine, I've been wanting to use it but now I need to find an adapter.
These are decent scissors that do a good job. A big draw is that they have a lifetime warranty.Fortunately, I didn't have the problem of the scissors falling apart as other US reviewers have noted. They work very well and are just what they are - a good pair of scissors. They are excellent sewing scissors and do a good job of cutting cloth.
The seller did as promised and was here before the due date which wasgood so I could mail to grand son ..
Thick and goopy, doesn't mix/blend well, doesn't spread well over paper. Not recommended for large projects; might work better for smaller pieces.
I didnt think this worked very well...could not see the lines after trying over and over...would not purchase again or recommend
When I did latch hooks as a kid they were simple designs in primary colors. The ones I've done from Caron are much nicer, but they involve so many different shades of yarn that it actually becomes a headache trying to make the picture come out as described. You can't choose the shade of yarn based on the design printed on the mat because the colors on the mat bleed from one square to the next. Your best bet is to follow the pattern which comes with the printed instructions- "five of green, then 3 of white, then one of light yellow"- and even that can get confusing. Also I could do with some more yarn. Overall, I'm happy with how my rugs came out, but the process was more stressful than I had expected.
I've never written an Amazon review before. But as I'm searching for a new sewing machine, I feel compelled to wrote a review for this Singer.I really wanted to like this machine. I grew up with machines around, including an industrial Juki and a vintage Singer, all of my life. I still use the vintage Singer for straight sewing because it was awesomely built and meant to last, but I needed another machine that could do zigzag stitches. I found this one. A machine clearly NOT meant to last.It worked ok at first, but after one or two months, the tension got all crazy. Projects as simple as sewing curtains took three times as long as they should have. A third of the time would be spent sewing a STRAIGHT line, and two thirds of the time was spent undoing the huge sections where the tensions would go all crazy, leaving a jumbled mess that I would have to undo. It was the biggest headache ever.I took it to get it fixed at a local repair shop, and the moment I pulled out the machine, the guy just nodded knowingly. He told me he could fix it, but that it was such a crappy machine that he didn't expect it to go anywhere. He even told me that if I needed to bring it in again, which he thought I would have to, that he'd fix it again for free.Sure enough, he was right. But I didn't even bother bringing it back in. What's the point? After one use, it'd go back to causing a big ball of tangled mess.I bought this machine in 2003. It's now many years later, and I'm still bitter.
Product is way too loud. Can't keep it in the house, we had to put in the shop. I would not recommend becouse of the noise levels.
I returned it because I found one much cheaper at Walmart. Downside was paying return postage which still resulted in a savings from the original purchase price.
got this to help do posters for a friends b-day. great quality and way cheaper than buy indiviual sheets of poster board.
Trying to thread. Impossible diirections. No Mac disc called Brother. No Mac disc available . want to scream.Wonder can I return this thing. FrustratedMrs. Ed. Feet dry
I ordered this blindly thinking the top rated/selling paper would be your standard 8.5x11 size... WRONG. The paper is longer than 11&#34; meaning I get to trim each thing I print. I truly haven't seen a paper this size before and will not be purchasing this again.
Directions were suspect at best, did not work for me at all, and overall I kind of watching to smash my head in after trying to use this thing.
What can I say? the are pens that are metalic and the colors are very pretty. four more mords and one more.
I make chainmaille bracelets and am in need of a sizing mandrel. I had seen the EZ Bracelet sizer on other websites for less than half the cost of what I paid through FindingKing, and with horrible reviews. Nowhere in the description does this say it's the EZ Bracelet sizer, and with the much higher price I assumed it was what I was looking for. Nope, I was wrong, this is a piece of junk! It comes flat and you are supposed to tape it together. Completely flimsy and un-usable. I will be returning this item ASAP!!
Everyone needs a serger. I don't have a lot of knowledge and this machine was perfect. I was able to thread it with just a little help from the DVD. It works like a dream. My mother in law owns a very expensive machine that she paid well over $1000 for, and I feel my machine that I spent around $200 for works just as well. I like it better too. This is a great machine especially if you are new to sewing and just want something to help you finish edges. I use mine for almost everything. I serge the edges of fabric before I wash it, I serge the edges of fabric before I sew them, I just love to serge.
This beading board is functional, but not a nice piece of wood. For the price, I could get a wood working friend to rout out a plank of nice wood, sand and finish it and have a nice piece with which to mess with my beads.
This pair of scissors are similar to many scissors made today. There is nothing really outstanding about them.That said, they are well made, solid and fit well in the hand. While there is a slight leaning in the design to the right-handed person, they are still very comfortable in the left. That lifts them above many competitive brands, and is why I am giving a generally 3 star item 4 stars.The ability to use them with either hand comfortably is a very important element of design missing from many items, and something I think should be encouraged.As for function, they move well, cut well, and do the things one can expect from this type of scissor.I think they are worth having, and I would recommend a serious look if you are shopping for a general use pair of scissors.
My wife has this storage system and we hate it. The button/latch mechanism that holds the box shut is positioned poorly. 90% of the time when you pick it by the handle the button/latch to open the box fails and dumps your stuff on the ground below. If we got this out more than once a year it would be in the trash by now but the usage vs cost of a new one doesn't seem worth it. Avoid this product, unless you enjoy re-sorting your supplies on a regular basis.
I thought I would be able to create my own designs but the software this came with does not allow that. I think I would have to have version 8 to create (not entirely sure) but this one came with version 1 (can only DOWNLOAD pre-made designs from the Brother website). The device itself was handy but the embroidering choices the software came with were nothing really interesting for my taste and the website wasn't much better (all flowery and "lovey Dovey" with a few cheesy holiday designs). I don't know why brother just doesn't designing their sewing machines to read SD cards instead of their own proprietary cards. That would save a lot more money and make things easier and convenient... I actually regret purchasing this bundle with the version 1 software but I don't regret the reader. I suggest looking for a reader that includes version 8 software or any version that actually ALLOWS you to create your own design.
The rock tumbler is very annoying.It makes a very loud sound so you have to put it in a location far away from you or you won't be able to sleep.It takes a very long time to transform the rocks into gems so it is dangerous to keep the tumbler plugged in for so long.In the end, I ended up only using it for 1 day because my parents didn't like the noise.
I have been trying to return this item, but I can not get a response!
I found the description to be a little mis-leading and I thought I was ordering a 7 - Hole Punch; in fact it said up to 7 - Hole Punch, so it didn't really fit my need. I wish I had understood better; I could have saved the S/H both ways...
this is not what I expected, I wanted a shorter reel as far as height goes, it is hard to store and heavy, I hardly use the stuff I wanted the paer to be not so tall.
I bought this as a gift for my mother in law for christmas and she loves it ,Fast shipping and highly recommended for anyone who loves sewing and Quilting:)
I had gotten a black one in hopes that it would hold everything I needed for class. My two books, a sketchbook, a lots of pens and brushes, but the bag itself is actually the majority of the weight I'm carrying, and it doesn't hold quite as much as it looks like it might because the hooks just aren't heavy-duty enough to handle what the bag itself can. The twisting nob will pop out from the hook and the metal latches that keep the hooks on break easily, mine is not the only one it has happened to here. I just think that, for the price, it could use a few make-overs. If you can modify the strap components to hole more weight, go for it! If not, look for a different bag.
These are such good colored pencils, beautiful saturated colors, soft leads, adecuate case, good color selection. But the pictures don't match exactly what I received. It's supposed to be included 2 art crayons, I think pastels, and a metal sharpener. They didn't come. That's the only reason why I choose 3 instead of 5 stars, because you buy something and expect to receive THAT item. The case is the same without the purple sticker, pencils seem to be the same as the pictures just without the bonuses. And the mail packaging was not the ideal for such a fragile product.3 MONTHS AFTER: What I have thought about the bad packaging affects the quality of this item now. Definitely! Some of the pencils have to be sharpened too often because the leads are broken inside. That's only due to the completely inadecuate packaging for this kind of product. People who know about art supplies would recognize that pencils should be packed as very fragile items, otherwise, they won't last long. It's not noticeable, but you as a customer receive pencil with broken leads, and that's what happened to me. Now I chose only two stars.
Great product that I can use for both my left handed son and eventually his sister. My son is 3 and the loops for his fingers are a bit big, but once he got his technique down and strength in his hands, he is able to use the scissors easily.
The 1" square punch actually creates a square that fits inside a 1.5" diameter circle. This means the square is more like 1.06066017 inches. (Diameter of the circle is 1.5 inches. If you put a square in the circle, the diagonal line across the square is 1.5", creating a triangle with a 1.5" hypotenuse and unknown size of each side. A squared plus B squared = C squared. if A=B, you get 2A^2=1.5^2. It's easy to solve from there...)It doesn't matter a lot, except if you are creating squares that you want to fit into a larger project - like cover a certain size surface. As you put square next to square, the difference adds up surprisingly quickly!
I somewhat like the product. After dying, it returned to dark color. But after washing it kinda faded a little and it did not dye evenly; you can see spots that are darker than the rest.
Good kit, nice paper, but the instructions aren't as detailed or step-by-step as I was hoping for. Had to go on look to look up better directions.
I was very excited to finally get a serger and was more excited about all the rave reviews. When I got my serger, I followed directions and was able to use it fine and it was amazing. The next time I took it out of the box, it jammed and also broke off one of the two needles. Everytime after that It continued to jam and break needles. I took it over to a friend who is an expert in these matters and she concluded that the needle was hitting the bottom part of the machine as it went down which was why the needle has continued to break off and not work at all. I will have to call brother and see what my options are, I might have just gotten a defective machine =(
Sturdy cone and mesh, can be washed and re-used. Fine mesh makes for slow straining with latex paint - just what I needed prior to using for spray gun.
It was a good deal, especially compared to the sets you get in stores, but the ink seemed to run out pretty quickly. Within 10 drawings on marker paper, it seemed to start running out of ink...
The storage compartment is good, and easy to tote around... On the other hand, the thread is not very good quality. For a beginner it would be ok, but I would not recommend.
The instructions were not sufficient for me to know how to correctly usethis product. I broke several of the zipper heads attempting to get them on.Detailed, step by step, instructions with visual aides need to be added to this product
The seller shipped me a very OLD container. It was crumbly and didn't even attach. It ruined a project day, and I had to go to the store and buy some. Worthless. Here's a picture taken AFTER I used the iron on it. Peels right off.(...)
Find it very usefull. Will buy again when needed. Nothing more neede to say about it. Pencils work well every time.
I read all the positive reviews about this product removing the protective coating from plastic and polycarobonate lenses and thought I would give it a try. I tried it on two different pairs of glasses (both plastic lenses), and it didn't work on either. It made the glasses worst by creating scratches since the material is highly abrasive. I tried 3 or 4 times on each pair of glasses and left the Armour-Etch on for anywhere between 5-20 minutes, and it didn't dissolve the coating at all! I have a feeling people providing positive reviews work for Armour-Etch!! I can't think of any other explanation as it didn't work on two different glasses bought at different places and in different years (one pair was 3 years old and the other pair about a year old).
This is great stuff to decorate your table with for parties, kids can play and write or draw on it... Loved it and it does well for adult parties too instead of table cloths...
I got these for my sister for her birthday, and when they came in the mail, I got one package. there are less than 30 beads in it! Three of the packages could easily fit in my retainer case! Almost 12 dollars for 30 beads, they should at least tell you how many are in the package! and they didn't even work good! Only have of the package actually worked!
Heavyweight, quality paper! I used this for a Halloween work function--we used this paper as the backdrop of our Enchanted Forest theme (nighttime) and it was great. I ordered two rolls thinking I would need both, but that 200ft goes a long way (like 200ft :-P). Delivery was quick and I have no complaints.
Bought this machine for my wife. She is really happy with its functions. I was amazed on how easy it is to stitch on this machine !
Sure it's the bottom of the line in embroidery software and you do get what you pay for but it does work. The trick is to spend time in a drawing or photo program manipulating the image before running it through this program since this program doesn't provide for any flexibility. Garbage in, garbage out as they used to say.So far I've only been working with single color images. I've had luck with photographs manipulated into extreme high contrast. What photographers refer to as Kodalith, after a sheet film used in lithography. You can see some examples at emilbacilla.com if you're interested.Someday I hope to get a &quot;real&quot; embroidery digitising program that allows you to manipulate the actual stitches. In the meantime this program does the job, albiet primitively.The disk of images that come with it is a joke. Most of the images are animated .Gifs and are useless for embroidery.
EXTENSIVE bobbin problems, thread tension problems, etc. I've had this sewing machine for years and have never been able to do much with it because of all the problems I've had. They tell you to go get it serviced, but that costs just as much as getting a new crappy sewing machine.When it actually works, it's simple and easy, but multiple pieces randomly stop working all the time and if you are not very experienced with sewing machines you will never know how to fix it- the manual doesn't help at all.I plan to buy a new sewing machine soon; I'll be dumping this one on craigslist.
2 glue sticks put into gun and melted......nothing came out. The glue is likely pooling inside gun as other reviews said. I am sad purchaser.
I typically like Epson papers and have used theirPremium Glossy papersfor years. But I don't quite know what to make of this luster paper. I would like a paper with a little lower reflectivity for prints that are viewed under bright lights. But this sacrifices too much. I shoot at high resolution and spend time calibrating monitors and editing photos to get realistic colors. With this paper, detail goes missing and colors are washed out. It's possible that the printer profile itself is off, but I use an Epson printer (R800) and there's little excuse for that. Their profiles for other papers are pretty close.If you like prints that look like watercolors, then this may be the paper for you. I think it's going to take me a very long time to get through this pack.
The vendor Shipped 1 gallon instead of 4 gallon of liquid soap as was written on the website. I emailed them about their mistake, and they responded within 24 hours that they canceled the order, will refund my purchase and shipping and told me I can keep the 1 free gallon. That is very nice if them.
I bought it and it is impossible to follow on the canvas - only if you look at chart. I'm not a begginer but this kit drives me crazy. Colors on the canvas very confusing. They dont represent the actual color of yarn. I tried to finish this project couple times but I really dont like it.
For the money, this little baby is about as good as you'll get! I reviewed many more expensive units on behalf of my wife and she had a pretty stiff list of requirements, it definately had to work, and work well out of the box. I'm pleased to report that not only did it work well, it actually surprised my wife how good it was, from the button stitch options, the control of the needle, to how quiet it was. This little thing got me brownie points for mom's day that's for sure!You will not be disappointed!
Unlike hole punches, this tool can be used anywhere on a sheet of paper.For my project, I printed out 1.5-inch circles on a piece of paper and then used this Fiskars Circle Cutter to cut them out. While fairly easy to size the device to whole or quarter inches, I found it difficult to see the sizing pointer as well as center the device to the circle I printed out.The center gripper of the circle cutter can be removed to reveal a thick tapered metal point. The purpose of it is so that if you know where the center of your circle should be, you can align the point to that center and then cut the circle out. However, although the device has a clear plastic base, I found it hard to align it perfectly. I was often off by a few millimeters because it's not a single piece of smooth plastic with which to view through, but there are several layers of ridged/ribbed plastic to view through.If the work being done doesn't need to be perfectly aligned, then the tool is still fairly good in producing circles from 1" to 8".The blade is tiny, so this won't cut anything more than cardstock. Meaning: no cardboard or anything thicker than 1/8".There is no cover for the blade in the standalone package, so children younger than 10 should be supervised. I put my extra blades in an empty film canister when not in use. The device itself has a built-in storage for one blade. The package comes with two.I might try the "Circle Scissors" for something more precise, but I think that one has 125 pre-set sizes that are not adjustable.
This product has an ID of 5/8" as advertized. It cannot be used on a 5/8" arbor, because you can't fit it to the arbor with an OD of 5/8". Ideally, this product's ID should be a 1/1000" larger, perhaps, to work on a 5/8" arbor.This caution should be included in Amazon's description of the product.
Arrived on time and in excellent condition. It is very white, and very soft. My only complaint is that while knitting, it untwists itself, and I have to keep making sure I have all the separate strands before making my next stitch. Finished product is really really nice though.
I design, make, and sell jewelry for a living. Some of the jewelry I make is crocheted, requiring a button to be used as part of the clasp. I purchased this item thinking I'd have a nice supply of miscellaneous buttons to use for clasps.Boy, was I wrong.Most of the buttons I received were filthy. Many were scratched up and had chips missing from them, showing signs of obvious wear. I even received several that had BRAND NAMES on them. If I had used a button with a brand name on it for any of my jewelry pieces, I'd have been putting myself in a position to be sued for copyright infringement, along with other trademark-related crimes.After sorting through the buttons, my hands were so covered in dust, dirt, and filth from the buttons themselves, I had to scrub them with soap and hot water. I promptly placed all the buttons back into the bucket and hit up a customer service representative to set up a return. I was disgusted that Amazon would send out such a disgusting product (as my order WAS through Amazon directly). Thankfully, the customer service rep handled the situation very well. I wouldn't recommend wasting your money if you want to actually use these in crafting apparel or jewelry. Or if you plan on receiving new buttons. Or clean buttons. Or anything of even marginal quality.
After ordering this I found one much cheaper at Walmart so I returned it. I will say the return process was simple, downside was having to pay return postage, which was still cheaper than keeping it
The reason I gave a lower rating was NOT because of the marker quality. I love prismacolor markers, they're not copics, but they do justice with a great color variety, blending, and more importantly, price.But when buying this product, I would tell people to make sure they count them to make sure they're all there! I thought maybe it was just me, but after putting them all in order I noticed I was missing PM-25, Spring green. I asked Amazon's service if they could just send me the missing marker, but apparently all they could do was give me a refund. I decided against the refund because I still got 71 out of the 72 and I only paid half the price due to Christmas (thank you gift cards).Eitherway, great product, fast shipping, just make sure you count them accordingly, because you might miss one without noticing it (72 markers are quite a handful afterall).
100 pictures, I think not!I printed maybe 15 pictures before it told me your print pack is low and needs replacing!Horrible product and would not recommend.
The fit and precision of the tools are excellent. Tips match perfectly and are strong and resistant to bending. I highly recommend these for working with small hobby projects.
I was very excited to finally locate and be able to purchase a hairpin lace loom and try out one of the patterns in Kristin Omdahl's book. Unfortunately my hairpin loom arrived bent. It was shipped in a bubblemail envelope with no protection and I have not figured out how to straighten it out.I did contact the seller and my money was refunded but I still have a bent hairpin loom and no confidence in ordering another as it will likely be shipped the same way, in an envelope instead of a box.
I love this sewing machine. I had an old Kenmore and it finally gave out. I don't do a lot of sewing, mostly hemming and mending. Sometimes I do make something. My first project was to make cornice for the windows in the back of our home. The windows are long so I did sew pieces together. I have put in new zippers and fixed some items that have just been laying around unuseable. Great machine for beginners or just menders and fixers like me. Good price also!
the product its ok and simple to use but the thing that i hate it its that it took about 4 days longer that it should!!! so if u want to wait a life time to get this product then buy it!!
This machine is a terrible machine! This was my first sewing machine and the tension was terrible. It doesn't sew very good what so ever. When I finish sewing something I can rip the seems very easily. It doesn't work good with fleece either. I had many amazing sewers try to fix it. They couldn't fix it. I returned it and got another one in case it was just a bad machine, but no this one was even worse.Once again this is a beyond terrible machine!
when I first opened this product the thread was not on the spokes and will not stay. The items inside were not quality and the pin cushion was way too small..really disappointed with this item and would not recommend to others as the stuff in the side compartments are hard to get out because the way they open........
First of all, I like that these come pre-sharpened and ready to go straight out of the box. Quality is better than Crayola or Rose-Art (my least favorite). Color is pretty good, but my main complaint is the texture. These are not as smooth as I would like, and the tips do tend to snap off. Overall, it's a good intermediate set for any budding artist, just don't expect professional quality.
I have been using an old (20 yr) serger but decided to treat myself to a new one when it came time to get it adjusted yet again this year. For slightly less than two years charges of adjustments I have gotten a machine that is far above what sergers used to do.Last weekend I made a set of draperies and bed skirts using both a heavy fabric and a light-weight one. The Brother serger went from one to the other and back again without adjustment and looked wonderful in both cases. My suggestion is if you are using an older serger, treat yourself to the new features like lay-in threading and easy to thread lower loopers that were plagues of the older sergers. If you are looking for a first serger this one will fill the bill. I like it so well I went out and bought me a new Brother 6100 Sewing Machine to go with it.
I am an independent consultant who does signs and I love using this for my vinyl. I shopped around and found the best deal here on Amazon. I paid a great price (at a store I would have been able to purchase one knife for this price.)Love that it comes with extra blades as well.Great buy!!!
The frame comes with no lateral cross bracing, so it can lean heavily side-to-side. In fact, it will lean so much that the drawers will fall off of one of the side rails and then they all become tilted and jammed. It also makes it very difficult to roll around. A simple fix is to cut a piece of thin (1/8 inch to 1/4 is fine) plywood or similar material to fit the back of the frame. Drill holes through the wood and 4 of the back flanges that stop the shelves from going out the back. Attach the wood to the flanges with 4 nuts and bolts. Make sure to straighten the frame BEFORE drilling the holes! Once the four corners are attached, it will give the frame the rigidity it so desperately needs. Without it, I would not recommend buying this unit.
I brought the fadeless paper for my office at work. I had red construction paper on my bulletin board which had faded terribly. I was searching for fadeless paper and found it on Amazon.com.It is exactly what I needed!!!! I have received many compliments on my bulletin board and have enough left over to share.I highly recommend the the rich blue fadeless paper for bulletin boards.
I have been embroidering with the DMC floss for a number of years. Talk about frustrating to work with! I bought this thread thinking it was the same floss just wound on a spool rather than twisted into the typical floss hank. It isn't. The thread is just one continuous strand as opposed to the six strands in the floss. The thread is easy to fold back on itself twice to make a three-strand "floss" (which is what I use). It does not shred like the floss does, which means far less is wasted. It looks exactly the same on the finished product. It still is more difficult to work with than regular cotton floss, but it is so much better than the metalic floss!
I ordered the PB207 and received a PB207cr The cr is for child resistant. I am 64 and the CR is too hard to use. If you check Blazers web site you will see that the pb207cr is for home use and the pb207 is for adult use. They tried sending a second one but I still got a pb207cr both times.Steve Haynes
I ordered this foot to use to make quilts. It is ok but I found one I like better. Here is a link to it http://www.amazon.com/Brother-1-4-Inch-Quilting-Foot/dp/B001H61A6Y/ref=cm_cr-mr-title
I have two "older" sewing machines. After cleaning and oiling, they still need work. When I saw this Brother CS6000I on Amazon at the price it offered I couldn't resist buying it. Plus I decided since my birthday was the next week it would be a present to me from me. I am absolutely loving it. I've made a few costumes and button holes are beyond easy. I've done some mending, my daughter's boyfriend sewed some patches on a bag. So far it has not disappointed me. If you want a great sewing machine give this one a try.
I thought the boning was excellent. I had made a Civil War Reenactment gown and used it to bone the bodice. I had not completed my corset, but just prayed that the boning I had purchased from you would be sufficient to not wear one. I was amazed. The dress laced up the back and the stays were enough to hold my body exactly where everything needed to be. In fact I need to order 2 more featherlight boning to make the gowns for next year! Thank you so much for such a fine product!
When I ordered this Brother Serger, I was so excited about the cost and how helpful it would be to me for my sewing needs. I had looked at other sources on the web, but, Amazon had the better pricing for what I wanted. The serger worked for awhile, but, then it would not thread right. It was a used referbished one and when I asked to return it to the seller there was no problem. They were very very nice about it and returned all of my expenses and paid for the cost of shipping back to them. If I had to do it again, but, with new not referbished items, I would gladly do it. The communication was extremely great and to me that is the best and important thing for me. No hassel and they were really GREAT!!! I highly recommend anyone to purchase from them.
I am not into sewing, so I bought this machine for one project and it was fine, easy to use, came with good instructions and everything. A few years later, I had another project I wanted to use it for and I couldn't even get it to turn on. It's dead. It was cheap, so I can't complain too much, but keep that in mind in your decision-making.
I bought this machine through Amazon.com and from now on I will not buy their appliances. To return an item to Amazon costs the price of shipping and, believe me, that is adding insult to injury. Amazon should be ashamed to sell it.I am an able sewer, 4 decades at it, and this machine is a waste of time and space. It comes with a book detailing threading techniques and stiches. As you work through the list of stiches you will be struck again and again by how poorly designed and constructed the machine is. uccessful stiching is actually and accident. When you get to the buttonhole stitch you will start saving for that new Janome....The worst aspect is the tension and threading route. The tension on this machine is hard to figure until you realize that the tension spring is INSIDE the housing and you cannot reach it, BUT the thread hops out of it's loop in there as you sew; pick up speed as you sew and you will hear the sound of the lower thread balling up and jamming the machine. Stop, clear it off, rethread and go on, sewing more slowly and hoping. About 50% of your seams will be sewn correctly. The other half will require rethreading.Since purchasing this machine I have met two women who bought it and cannot use it for the same reason: the threading is impossible, a shoddily designed machine. Stop, rethread and go on. Thread leaves spring. Stop, rethread ----- you get the idea.Save your money. This is too cheap to use. Life is too short. I will finish my project and throw this out
I bought this skein of yarn to complete a project I had previously started and was unable to buy this yarn at a local store as they were no longer carrying Shadows.
I bought this for my wife received it very fast just one problem the blade was so dull it wouldn't cut hot butter. Had to go to Wal-Mart and pay $5.99 for a new blade which is not good since the cutter was $ 7.00 so one star it is. Would have been better off just buying one from Wal-Mart she's looking for other sewing accessories but not from Fiskars.Update, they were were supposed to send my wife a new blade for this cutter on Nov.20th still haven't seen it, can't take that long to ship a blade so goodbye to Fiskars she'll get her sewing supplies else where. Wasted money for a useless product and people wonder why this country is goung down the crapper. So if i could i'd give this seller no stars stay away from them if the customer sevice is this bad.
"Needles" are too fat and not sharp.... won't pierce any quality woven fabrics at all... Plastic 'holds' are too short for more than kleenex... Save your money for REAL thread and sewing needles.... AWFUL
I have owned my Futura CE-100 for six months, and I adore it. It truly is a great machine, once I learned more about machine embroidery, like the importance of proper stabilizers and proper placements of designs. It is an awesome sewing machine too. I make clothing often and I couldn't ask for a better machine.I gave the Futra CE-100 a 4 because it can be frustrating when learning, and the manuals (for machine and software) are lacking info. But the software is okay, you can resize, rotate, add lettering and it opens most every design format available. Design Browser lets you see designs when choosing. Play with the buttons and see what you can do. If you don't save, everything reverts to its orignal size and shape. Seriously consider this machine if you are just into embroidery for fun.2012 and I still have this machine! It has held up amazingly well.
I bought these for different two reasons: 1) to meet my legitimate magnet needs, and 2) as a toy. I think these fail at #1, but are great for #2. For actual magnet needs, these are just too powerful for most applications. It's very difficult to separate the magnets from one another, they connect with their attractions VERY forcefully, and they're very brittle, breaking quite easily. For example, I experimented with one as a fridge magnet, and it made contact with the fridge so hard that it actually scratched the paint on the door and chipped the corner of the magnet--and I was being careful not to let it slam into the fridge! These did do a good job at magnetizing screwdrivers, but again, it didn't take long for them to start chipping away and breaking.As toys, however, these are great fun! I must emphasize, though, that these are **dangerous** and **NOT FOR YOUNG KIDS**, seriously, these can cause some severe pain. Even when I was trying to be careful, I hurt myself many times with these magnets. If two of these are attracted to each other and you're in their way, they can deliver a pinch you won't soon forget, often involving bruising and swelling!So have fun with these, prepare to get hurt a few times, and keep them out of little hands. Overall, if you're looking for magnets as a tool or utility device, these probably aren't best for you. If you're a teenager or college kid looking for some silly fun, these can provide some cheap entertainment.
I was intimidated after ordering the Machine and THEN reading the reviews here on Amazon.....but so far so good....As far as the embroidery goes, if you take the time and prepare your fabric with good stabalizer, use decent thread and very important "thread socks", I dont believe you will have many problems. I can see how the designs can be ruined if you don't take time and prepare the fabric. Sewing is a breeze, and the "broken thread" goes away with the tention put on the thread with a little thread sock. Hope this helps~
This paper is good for black and white prints if you put it behind glass. The matte paper prevents any bronzing.
I have looked at many places, including hallmark for Gallery leather refill pages. Even you do not have it. Can you tell me where I may contact to buy them? I was hoping you have some. You are supposely the biggest online store in the universe (earth at least), and that you have everything.Yours,Phuong Lu
do not buy this product and do not buy from this seller. First of all, this SE Leather Hole Punch Tool, cannot be used to punch my leather belt.....no matter how tight you squeeze the handle. I ended up having to use a scissor/knife to assist to get it done. Then, when I tried to contact the seller to return, I never got a reply. Wasted my money.The item did not arrive in time as promised. And there is no tracking. If the product is ever lost, given the seller's track record like this, you can never get your money back.
This might be okay if you're punching thin paper, one sheet at a time, but when I tried heavier paper the plastc - yes, plastic! - handle snapped right off. Maybe mine had a defect, or a weak section, but without a metal core the plastic will eventually weaken and break. Not at all worth the money, I will never buy one like this again.
This was a nice price item, but the nibs are not true. The Fine is not fine, it is medium, and the medium is only good for the calligraphy piece. The broad is for posters, not regular paper! Huge lines.
Thick and goopy, doesn't mix/blend well, doesn't spread well over paper. Not recommended for large projects; might work better for smaller pieces.
I'm not a professional seamstress and haven't used these for long, but they are nice and heavy and cut cleanly. For right-hand use, the handles are matte black plastic and comfortable enough. If I was going to be cutting for hours and hours I might want a larger grip, I have petite fingers and it's a snug fit. The action catches/resists a little, but maybe that's the way all pinking shears need to be? I'm not an expert. But these are just fine.
I bought these because it's an incredible deal and dpns are probably the most versatile type of needles for knitting (ability to knit in circular and straight). I didn't want to deal with the hassle of cord length for circular needles.Each set comes with 5 needles which works for almost every project I've worked on. I haven't used all of the needles but I've noticed that the ones I use often get dented. One of my needles started to split slightly and it would catch the yarn when I tried to move the stitches around.Overall I'm satisfied with my purchase, I would recommend this product with the precaution that they are not the best quality.
Great Machine - Lightweight but heavy duty. Unbelievable low price. Looks brand new.
I learned to rely on reviews only after-the-fact!! This machine is awful!! I bought mine about 2 yrs ago, and it worked ok for about the first year sewing very simple things (pillow cases & such). But after that, it went downhill like it was on a luge! I made the gigantic mistake of not doing enough research before I bought it. It loses it's tension very, very easily. I took it in to be repaired, which cost almost as much as the machine itself. It then worked great - as long as I only used straight stitches. Anything other than a straight stitch on a lightweight fabric will mess the tension up severely!My biggest suggestion for this particular machine, is DON'T BUY IT!! It's just not worth all the trouble!
How can anyone buy these without knowing the grit (150, 180, 220?) and the profiles (flat, 1/2 round, round, triangle?) Even better/useful pictures would help. Add them or some of this info and double or triple your sales.
This is exactly what I needed; a huge roll of white paper. I use it for white backdrops, mostly for Ebay items. I suppose you could use it for wrapping gifts, thrilling your children with a MASSIVE sheet of coloring paper -- the sky's the limit!If I were to improve upon this item, I might ask for a cardboard core, so that it could easily be slipped onto the horizontal bar of my photo backdrop frame, but the lack of this feature is not hurting me. I simply reverse wound the entire roll (took about 10 minutes) onto the backdrop bar and away we go!
My wife bought one of the CE-100s and after she couldn't get it running she turned it over to me, her resident tech-head with a PhD in computer science, to get the thing running. In the end it never ran at all.My conclusion is that a pack of wolves could write better software and manuals. First you will find that the manual and install card give exactly opposite instructions on the order in which to plug in the USB and install the software (a critical detail for testy installs). After multiple installs using multiple clean machines I determined the correct order and was able to get the USB recognized. I visited a half-dozen forums and used every trick out there.Ultimately it was all for nothing. The machine never did anything but light up and blink red all over - indicating error. The manual has a helpful list of error codes and tells you what to do based on the error code displayed.Big problem: there is no error display! You will never know what error the machine thinks it has!I tried methodically restarting, refreshing, and then undergoing the corrective actions for every possible error on the list - all to absolutely no effect. Ultimately I believe the problem is probably an internal mechanical one. I think the mix of "1" ratings with normal ratings is the luck of the draw whether you get a working machine or not, and the odds look to be below 50%.
Oxalic acid is unique in that it will remove a certain type of stain formed when iron and moisture come into contact with tannic acid in the wood. Oxalic acid will remove this discoloration without affecting the natural color of the wood.
These have not worked since day one. I just decided to store them in my junk draw and ask my son-in- law to see if he can open them. They are stuck together. Cheaply made and not worth the money. In fairness to the seller I did not notify him or try to return them. It was to be a stocking stuffer for my husband as he is a fly fisherman. It was the busy Christmas season and I ate my loss.
It is not a bad product and the price was good. Having said that, the clips that adjust to hold item do not lock very securely & can slip. Measurement numbers or notches would help guarantee both adjustable legs the same height.
This set is not too bad but the blades are not the same as shown. Its a pretty cheep set but nice for the price, good for beginers.
I would give this product 5 stars except for the fact that once you've used the extra blades that come with the scissors, its impossible to find any more. The store where I bought them no longer sells them. So now I'm stuck with dull blades that won't cut anything.
I have beeen looking for a sewing table that can be stored out of sight and is adjustable for different applications. This fit the bill, I can use it as a table with plenty of workspace and my freearm sewing machine can become a flatbed. I would recommend this to others.
I can't imagine this machine for beginners. There is only one speed, and it is very difficult and slow to start stitching; you have to really push down on the foot pedal to get it going, then when it does finally start stitching it takes off really fast. The bobbin is very awkwardly placed, compared to machines where it just pops in from the top.
Now I'm just an amateur artist who was looking for a heavy-duty drawing journal to take around with me. My first few reactions to this sketchbook were as follows:1) It's smaller than you might expect. If you're looking for a good sized work area you'll want to buy elsewhere. However, if you're looking for a handy, portable, go-anywhere book this one works just fine.2) The pages are thick and (very very) smooth. They remind me of your typical note-card stock of paper but in creamy vanilla color. This paper stands up to minimal marker usage plus the typical graphite/colored pencils/pen mediums. But Watch Out! Graphite will smear in the blink of an eye. If you're left handed or are a heavy-handed sketcher you will want to use an extra piece of paper to prevent your art from smearing.3) The cover is solid and will stand up to a beating. A handy strap keeps it closed when you're done. Aesthetic sidenote: The material on the cover also picks up eraser shavings, cat hair, lint, and dust like a magnet. However everything but the dust wipes off easily.4) There's a handy pocket in the back for loose slips of paper you might have lying around. Very considerate of them!Overall it's a great sketchbook if you draw or write lightly. However, for me who draws in graphite with my hand running over my work, I've noticed some considerable smears over my art. I like to keep my shading inside my crisp lines so unfortunately I have some minor qualms with this sketchbook. For those of you who never have a smudging problem normally, though, feel free to buy and try for yourself!
The scissors I received work quite well. If I were to do it again however, I would buy a small pair of fiskar embroidery scissors to do the same job. They are lighter in weight and useful in areas one might not use this type of scissor. Also, the cost would be less than half.I had never owned a scissor like this and bought it "sort of on a lark."I later bought the embroidery scissors and found them much more to my liking. The bottom line though ... this is a good pair of scissors for cutting sewing thread from bobbin and needle while sewing ... or for needle and thread basting and overcasting. To me, it is easier than using the built in thread cutter on some sewing machines.
I found the material to be thin and not satisfactory. I ended up purchasing fleece in a fabric store and making my own quilt.
I use these scissors for needlework. The weight is excellent and the points are sharp enough and small enough to snip small threads. This is a quality product. I always look at Amazon first for anything. The prices and quality of products are always dependable.
I had a hard time choosing a glue gun. I choose this one for it's 2 temp setting, nice long cord and the ability to go cordless. Does take some time to heat but once it do the glue dispensed easily and not too messy! Before it will work, you do need to insert glue sticks the first time!
Backstory: I bought a sewing machine on impulse when I saw it at Target for less than $100. Had now sewn in decades, but when I saw the machine my headed flooded with ideas for projects and I figured it would be worth the money. That machine was made by that brand that is known for sewing machines, and I thought I could not go wrong with it.I was wrong. The machine kept jamming for no reason I could see. I could only think that the cost of repair would be more than the cost of the machine itself, so I didn't want to call anyone. And, because I had not sewn in so long, the sewing part of my mind was still in the 70s and I didn't think of calling tech support.So I gave that machine away to someone who may be able to fix it and searched for something better. This machine, the Brother L2600I, had good reviews on Amazon and was even cheaper, so I thought I'd check it out.It works beautifully. The few times it has jammed, I've been able to find the reason -- always something I've done wrong. And it has a couple of nifty features. There is a needle threader. It's a little tricky and it takes some practice, but once you get it it works very well. And the bobbin case is covered in transparent plastic and you open it from a horizontal surface. The result is that you can see what's going on in the bobbin case as you sew. When you go in there to change the bobbin, it no longer feels like a dark underworld.If there's a minus -- and I'm not sure this is a real problem -- it's that you can't use the same bobbins you use for other machines. I have not had to buy extra bobbins yet, so I don't know how much of a problem this will be. I'm thinking you probably just have to be careful to buy the right ones.
it doesn't hold up no lasting value. repair to visible not really a quick fix. Needs to be updated to modern times
My daughter is 7 and she asked for this Knot-A-Quilt for Christmas. It is so easy and keeps her attention. She has learned to do it by herself. She does a little each night and LOVES it. The fabric is very Soft and warm. Very cute.
I needed an ott-lite replacement and went to Amazon to get it. JoAnn's then comes out with a 50% off coupon so I could have gotten it locally. It works great and I needed it working with dark fabrics. Check JoAnn's or Hancock's first before ordering online. You might get a better deal.
I have to admit that I have never used a hand machine before, however I am familiar with sewing machines. I am a very patient person and spent hours on end trying to use it to do some basic hemming on the go. After days and days trying to adjust the tension, I have finally given up. This thing frustrated me to no end and has effectively scared me enough that I am extremely tentative about buying a new (non-portable) machine. The price clearly reflects its quality. I would rather buy a new shirt with my $30 than waste it on this useless piece of plastic.
Had to return this item as it is not compatible with my Mac! When will Brother get with it that Mac people would like to use their products too. I am happy with the Brother SE 350 so far, but haven't tried the embroidery part.
the black looked faded on one side and it was very light weighted however it arrived in good time and packaged well
This is a nice set to get started in Chinese calligraphy. While I enjoyed the novelty of grinding the ink, it didn't take long till I purchased a separate bottle of ink to get to painting quicker. I still haven't figured out how I am going to use the little spoon? :)
This lighter worked very well for a few months. Now when I press the ignitor the flame flicks on for 1-2 seconds and then goes out.
A purely utilitarian item that my wife needed to replace some lost backs they perform as required and keep the earrings on her ears.
I am very happy with the printer. This ink cartridge works only with the epson printer. I stop buying remanufactured ink. Always gives me problems. Will buy more.
i was really fooled by this product. it looks like the frame is metal but turns out it's cheap plastic. the drawers don't stay on the track when you pull them out. it's wayyyyyyyyy over priced. i wish i knew hot to return it. don't be fooled by the imatation metal look. i'm surprised at amazon for selling such an inferior product at an inflated prices. Shame on You! i will think twice before i rely on Amazon for good quality products. they seem to be a web purchase portal for anyone who's willing to pay to be on their site.
This loupe is pretty useless, as only the center is not blurred, and even then the definition is not very good. More like a toy than a tool.
Ordering blind is always tough, but this roll of paper didn't disappoint. It was as I expected, with a decent weight/thickness, and was delivered quickly. Needed it for my daughter's first slumber party to block out the sunlight from our family room windows. Worked perfectly.
I purchased this strictly for its features of push button sewing, needle up/down, and the accompanying enlarged sewing area using the table that comes with the machine. The price was excellent. I did experience a catch 22 with the bobbin thread. It will repeatedly catch up under the sewn fabric resulting in a ball of thread. However, I have been able to overcome this by positioning the sewing threads neatly to the side while using just slight pressure over them until a couple of stitches have been sewn. The grey plastic plate around the bobbin area seams to 'float' and not be firmly attached but it has remained in position and causes no issues. I was forced to unscrew the plate over the feed dogs to remove the first thread jam caused by bobbin thread but that has not been necessary since then. The amount of light shown on the sewing area is sufficient and the computerized stitch choices are very easy to adjust. I also like the ability to adjust needle placement to ensure the 1/4" seam I use for quilting. I will add that the tension needed to be adjusted to 7 ensure good stitches. I paid such a fantastic price for this machine that I cannot complain about it's quality. Value is there. This is my 2nd Brother as I also own their embroidery/sewing machine.
this is good but I think its kind of pricey. and the price seems to go up and down but more up.
Very disagppointed with this booklet. It only lists the Energizer Brand of batteries, so it's not really a reference.
I thought I was ordering the Point driver because the image is of a point driver but recieved a box of flex points instead... Very unhappy!
I got this product to try to repair tiny scratches on my plastic lenses of my glasses. I have a scratch resistant coating and invisible bifocals with an internal sun sensitive darkening. These glasses are about four years old. I applied the product, waited five minutes, rinsed with hot water and gently removed the haze. I repeated the process. Folks, the scratches are still there. The product arrived in a timely fashion, it just doesn't seem to work for me.
The scrapbook itself was very pretty and colorful. However, all 20 of the inside pages were torn. When I asked about getting replacements I was told they had none in stock and did not plan to order any. So, if anything you order from this company isn't isn't perfect, don't expect them to make it right! Also, the spine of the scrapbook itself was a little off. Using a lot of muscle and some judicious hole punching I manged to fit 6 new pages into it--enough to give to my friend for her baby but not at all what I'd expected. I am a big fan of pepper pot products but this time I felt I got a "facotry sceond". So buyer beware!
My old unit, same manufacturer, finally failed after hundreds of hours of use. In fact, it was actually left on for 3 months in the basement (doh!) and continued to work. Yes, the cord could be a little thicker and longer, but I typically use it for artwork and household projects, so an outlet is usually nearby.This is the hot variety of glue gun, which is different from the somewhat cooler type. If you're occasionally clumsy like me, lookout for burns from the tip or from glue! Also, the glue takes longer to cool from the high temperature, so you have to be a little more patient. The bond is stronger than the low temp glues, in my experience.
I own this and find it difficult to use. The idea seems simple enough but it slips easily and you have to press fairly hard to turn the plastic to cut out your circle. Still looking for something that gives many size choices and is easier to use.
This kit is for 28 count Evenweave fabric not 14 count as stated. I find it very challenging stitching on 28 count. I tried stitching on 14 count but became frustrated with all of the 1/2 stitches this pattern calls for, and have set it aside for now. I do like the design and the colors. The description really needs to be updated.
Machine is very straight forward in its use. Simple to operate and very sturdy. Has a very large table add on which makes it great for quilting. Machine operates extremely well with the Grace stitch regulator when used in a frame. It is very fast and has a nice stitch. Has a built in cone thread holder which makes it nice for machine quilting.
I am a high school student and have been using my grandmother's 50 year old Singer for the past few years, mainly for sewing clothes. I finally decided to do some research on sewing machines, and this machine was the PERFECT choice! I based my 5-star rating on price, quality, and function. The price couldn't have been better, it is sturdy and of very high quality, and has all the features I could ever need as a novice/intermediate sewer. I am self-taught, and was unsure of how to operate a sewing machine that had modern capabilities such as an automatic button-hole! The instructions were very useful, and I haven't once come across a project that I can't accomplish with this machine in the 3 months that I have had it. I highly recommend it!
It literally stinks. I've been airing it out for over a week now, but this thing offgasses a smell that reminds me and my classmates of skunk. You can smell it from meters away and it will give you a headache. It also does not lay completely flat by itself because of the folding feature, but as a cutting mat it works. A year ago I bought a different cutting mat (same size but not foldable)from carpe diem store online for $25 plus shipping. I think that was a better deal, since the mat did not stink, it cost less, and it is thicker than fiskar's so it will probably last longer.
Me and my brother got this toy for Christmas and our dad said he would help set it up.The day FINALLY came and he helped us.We followed all the directions and it wouldn't work.So we kept trying and trying and trying but finally we gave up.It is now sitting in our basment.PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE do NOT spend your money on this.It does not work!
These are very comfortable, very handy garden scissors, just right for cutting flowers, deadheading, etc.
I found this giant pad of sticky paper to be more convenient to use than an easel. The adhesive is super sticky but you can remove it without any problems or leaving any marks. No more issues with knocking over easels and one less bulky item to carry.
This set is sooo disappointing! I love the other Alex kits, specifically the bug set and sea critters lacing set. This one just stinks!First of all, the different animals are not divided into kits, and no instructions are provided. So you get a box of a lot of pieces of random colored paper, tissues, googly eyes, stickers, feathers, pipe cleaners, etc, but no clue on how to use them. You end up with a small child grabbing at everything and making a random critter with a huge mess.The other Alex kits that divide into separate sections are much better for a busy mom. Also, note that once this box is opened, there's no way to organize it all.The stickers in it are like superglue, there's no way to reposition them if the kids stick them to the wrong spot, which is sort of likely for this age, so things just go wrong once you open the box.
Beginning Sumi kits should include a pictoral description of the items in the kit and of how to make the ink from the soot sticks. We wanted to begin penning Japanese characters but were not sure how to begin. Once we found a U-tube video we were home free, but Christmas morning it was kinda depressing not to be able to just sit down and play.
I needed a dozen cheap, portable easels for a presentation I was doing across the country. This fit the bill perfectly.Caveat: These are rated to hold only five pounds. I was using them for 20x30 posters on foam core, which weighs practically nothing, so they worked perfectly. If you're displaying anything heavy, you need a heavier-duty easel.
This punch broke on me after the second use. Poorly made. Would suggest the Anytime Tools Metal hole punch. It has several sized bits and you just have to hit the punch with a hammer. It hasn't failed me yet and remains sharp after many uses. Stay away from this SE tool and get the Anytime one.
Works pretty well for what i need. seems pretty sturdy. Wouldn't be my choice for dress belts and would be better with ovsl or elongated hole.
Great serger, it does everything you need! Highly recommended
Like I said I was really surprised when I received this, especially for the money! I usually like to do a little research before buying things online, and being that there was no reviews on here yet, I went on youtube. A fair amount of reviews gave "Speedball" a good review, so I decided to try them. Needless to say, I was very impressed, great value overall! This set works great for new or people who already love calligraphy! I myself am pretty new, but none the less, it still keeps me plenty occupied! Great set!!
Years ago these used to be good. Now it's hard to find one that works properly, you have to get a box of 100 and hope some of them will work well. Why is this? It's become a throw-away society, quality is on the decline. Speedball probably thinks that few will notice the reduction in quality (except for the handful of professionals who are experts on their materials), so why not cut some corners and make more profits?I've been using drawing/inking art supplies for 22 years professionally and I have a hard time getting these to do their job now. Many of my other pro friends say the same thing. I've switched to Deleter's Comic Pen 240, from Japan, and it works as it should.
This is not a very good product and I would not suggest it to anyone. I had to file and sharpen edges myself and it still wasn't a very good product. Save your money and buy a better, quality product.
It was ok . Doesnt smell like grapes which is whateverThe main picture has grapes on it they areSelling it for the &#34;smell&#34; that comes with itSo one would believe it would smell .Maybe i got an old one that lost the smell .Its ink is fine the colour is ok
I found these at Walmart and decided to try them for a scrapbook project I was working on. They worked great! While they aren't really clear, the matt finish made my stickers look like stamps rather than stickers on my project. The only thing I don't like is that printing on the paper more than once was difficult. I will be getting more though!
I'm not sure how well I like this foot. It's the one for my Singer sewing machine but, so far, it's not working well. I'll continue to use it and become more familiar with it so I'm withholding judgement until then.
I have been sewing since I was a little girl - probably 10 or so and I am now 60!!! This machine reminded me of my first machine as a child......it stitches a nice stitch and is easy to thread and wind the bobbin. It does have some problems with the tension and they can be fixed..........I ordered this to make a lap quilt for my father for his 86th birthday - it worked amazingly well for a $35 sewing machine - it is a mending machine it says and did a nice job on a small project.....the instructional DVD was not needed by me and still was very informative and would be to someone who has never used a sewing machine......have already told many about the mighty little Sew Pro 402!!
Thought I'd try a punch. I've always gone with a cutter, but figured I'd see what the difference is in actual smoking. Since this is my only experience with a punch I can't compare this one, but it feels very cheap and it gets stuck in the "out" position all the time. I monkey with it and eventually it just snaps back like there was nothing wrong with it, but then right away it would get stuck again. Guess it's good to try out, but if I were to keep using a punch I'd find one that works much better.
This frame is of a nice quality but doesn't have a hook to hang from on the wall (and doesn't really have a good place to attach a wall hook to either). This frame is tabletop only.
I use it to punch cardstock... worked great for the first few months of heavy use, then the cushioned handles fell off and now it doesn't punch cleanly. It was the second one I'd bought. The first one broke in half after about 3 months. I'll probably buy it again because I don't see any better options, but I recommend not duct taping the cushions when they inevitably fall off. What a mess that became!
We received this as a gift, so I'm not out any money. However, what effort I put into helping my daughter set up and then sew is wasted when the chain stitch immediately unravels or pulls out of the fabric. It worked the first 3 times we sewed, and that seemed good enough, despite the unraveling. She understood to be careful with the fabric until i could anchor stitch the final thread to prevent unravelling.Now, it doesn't work anymore. The stitches don't seem to be linking properly.The safety is good- there's no chance of caught fingers. it's easy to use and makes a satisfying "sewing" sound for little ones, but for other than pretend, it's useless.
They were slow in arriving and don't cut worth a d--m I couldn't get them to do more then scratch the surface of a window I was trying to cut...had better luck useing a diamond blade on my rotozip
I purchased the Point Driver as a professional photographer doing much of my own framing. I was disappointed that the driver never fired with enough force to secure the points in the frame. I braced the frame against a surface and adjusted the tension as tight as could be yet never received satisfactory results. In fact, despite how tight I adjusted the tension, the pointer never fired differently. I do not use 'hard wood' or any materials that would be difficult to penetrate. Each time I used my Fletcher point driver I had to push points in with a flathead screwdriver by hand to secure them in the wood and keep them from falling out when the frame was lifted. Very disappointing, particularly with the price tag.
The stamp comes in a nice box and seems to be well made. I guess I should have looked more closely at the letter "S" though. I am disappointed because to me it doesn't look like a capital "S" but more like a fishhook (the curve at the top of the S is very small). I honestly thought I was shipped the wrong stamp. I will keep it and hope when we use it, it will look like an "S".
I bought this a couple days ago. On first glance it looked good. So i opened it and then the problems started. The stitch is not good. And not the entire machine is jammed now. I thought i do not know much about machines so i took it to my mom who has been stitching for more than 20 years. She couldn't figure it out. So i have sent amazon a return request. It's been only a week since i bought it!I wouldn't recommend it to anybody.
I ordered this item a few months ago from the seller "Stuff 4 Scrapbooking." Not only did the dye not work, but the seller was completely useless. First of all it was shipped in a HUGE box. Too big to fit in my mailbox and was sent back to the post office. I have no idea why such a small item was in a gigantic box but it added hassle that I did not want to deal with.. If I wanted to drive around for fabric dye I would have gone to the store and picked it up myself. I have tried dies in the past and they have not worked - considering this one had good reviews I tried it and failed just like the rest. I even let my ONE item sit over night, it couldn't even dye one single item. The seller contacted me to see if I was satisfied and I was not, I never heard from them again. Do not waste your time or money.
It's my own fault for not checking the shipping, but I thing almost $7.00 shipping is a bit much for a set of marker not even worth $3.00. Won't make the same mistake.
Item was smaller than i thought, but it was as described and delivered as promised.
This is listed as having a smooth side and a rough side. It does, but they are of differing quality.The rough side, is about the texture of typical construction paper, and is very even in appearance.The smooth side, is a polished surface, but the appearance is not even. There are streaks through it. If you've ever seen a concrete wall which was poured with wood planks as supports, and leaves the grain in the concrete; it looks like that but smooth. It's like black-on-black wood grain.-If you need a matte finish for background, the "rough" side is great. (it's not very rough)-If you want semi-gloss, the smooth side is a bit uneven, unless you're covering it up with loads of other items.-It's listed as heavyweight. It's about the thickness of typical inkjet paper, not butcher or packing paper.-It's not flimsy/fall-apart like construction paper, so it holds up reasonably well to folding. Tears nice along a fold, both directions.For chalk, consider some chalkboard spraypaint instead.4/5 because of the smooth side.
I love these pencils. They provide excellent pigmentation and blend-ability. While these are NOT pastel pencils, the way they move on paper reminds me of that type of media. I refrain from using the word 'chalky' or 'gritty' because those aren't exactly pleasant things to find in a colored pencil, but I guess I must include them. It's not overwhelming and doesn't feel BAD, and the results of the product look amazing. But they have a 'natural' feel, I guess I would say that waxier pencils like Prismas (which I do still love) don't. It's got that bit of bite against paper, like pastel or graphite infused with the smoothness of colored pencil. I like it - a lot.So I'll compare these to other brands you may be familiar with. They're are a less waxy pencil than Prismacolor. They FEEL less waxy than Faber-Castell Polychromos, although those are an oil based pencil. So I guess I should say they feel less 'smooth'. But as I said, these have a.. textured feel to them when in use. They are more pigmented than the majority of Derwent Artist/Studios (also a wax-based pencil of the same brand). I am yet to experience any significant issue with blooming or loosing the tooth of paper underneath layers of the pencil. I already feel myself falling in love with these!A downfall is the barrel of these is a little larger than most pencils, and they're a tight/impossible fit for most all of my sharpeners.And unlike the Polychromos I recently ordered through the same Amazon seller, they came in perfect safe condition!
Exactly what I expected it to be. Perfect size for my 1 1\2 year old to reach her t.v. Since she isn't a climber and very delicate with her things, this was in fact perfect for her. Everything in her room is miniature sized so this table fits in perfectly, and not bad for the price. Also it was a quick and easy build. Would I recommend for 4 and up? No. As it'd be too small. Also would not recommend for rougher children, as I could see it breaking if too much weight was put on it. Shipping was fast. And I was very happy with my purchase.
From the description: "This package contains two 80x54in panels" NO it does NOT. It contains two 27" panels that add up to 54" TOTAL. NOT as described AT ALL, but not worth the expense and hassle of returning, considering this is a third party seller. STRAIGHT into the donation bin they go. Thanks a lot. ARGH.UPDATE in 2011: as a helpful reviewer points out several months later, I am clearly illiterate and the description clearly states that it's two 27" panels. Aha, that's what the description now states. However, *at the time of my purchase,* the description contained the exact text I quoted. So there, neener. :)
All seems so simple, except it simply won't work. At first the issue was that it wouldn't save the designs on the card from my computer and it kept crashing. I had to reload the software several times from the Brother site. (And that tooks hours and hours because it continued to crash and reloading software means deleting it, restarting, downloading, uploading, restarting....) Finally it works from the computer end for the most part- crashes sometimes but not always. And now? No matter what I do, the sewing machine won't recognize the card. I've gone back to the brother site and followed all their directions. I've emailed Brother several times. Their solution? Follow directions on the website and don't bother us. Nothing we can do.What a total waste of money and worse- a total waste of a LOT of time. What I'm going through is not an isolated issue- I've seen tons of reviews and questions on the web asking what can be done to fix this issue.
I previously bought another gun fromt the big box store online "W". I had to return(it didn't work and the glue clogged before I could use it) the gun after waiting 10 days for ship-to-store service. The Stanley was easy to load and worked the first time out of the package. I thought it was going to take a lot of pushing of the glue sticks but the trigger fed easily and the gun worked well. It does drip some but the mat was included. They must know this so that's why they include one. I hope one day they will make an inexpensive gun that doesn't drip but until then I will continue to use this one.
This glue pen I purchased to use for gluing pictures to my scrapbooks. I was VERY disappointed. As soon as I got it, it went straight in the trash. Not worth the money. Mine was dried out and not usuable. Don't waste your money.
Ordering blind is always tough, but this roll of paper didn't disappoint. It was as I expected, with a decent weight/thickness, and was delivered quickly. Needed it for my daughter's first slumber party to block out the sunlight from our family room windows. Worked perfectly.
The quality is fine, though it's hard to tighten the screws enough. I just find it too bulky and it's sitting in the corner now. It wasn't right for my type of art. I do India ink drawings on paper, so it doesn't act like a drawing board. I was hoping it could lay almost flat, but any pressure pushed it all the way down. I don't want to bash it, because it may be great for someone else, but not for me.
The only thing keeping this rack from being perfect is the lack of hardware to hang it on the wall, but that's a fairly cheap and easy fix. Excellent purchase, I'd do it all over again!
Knitting with these needles is comfortable. The yarn tends not to slide as easily as with aluminum or plastic needles. I have knitted several pairs of mittens so far and the needles are curling a bit. This is not a serious problem in as far as they will not roll off the table if you lay them aside for a moment.
The cord for this gun was not only very short, but the actual plug is too small for a standard outlet, it kept falling out, and it still had bits of black plastic on the prongs. Not only did it not plug into the outlet, when I tried to push on the trigger, it broke. Very cheaply made, not worth the price of shipping.
They are huge but they work great. I had no problems with losing stitches. Since they are plastic it makes it easy to work with them bc they are so lightweight despite their size. My only complaint is the color, it's ugly like a very light grey.
I love the feel of drawing with these pens, they lay down smooth and true on paper. Beautiful lines.I do wish they dried a bit faster, but that's how it goes with pens I guess?I wasn't aware of the frail tip of the 20mm but I blame my ignorance of how to handle drawing pens on that one. Will be more careful next time!
Good for what it promised, but didn't stay well enough on the fabric to finish 6 letters of embroidery without wiping off. Finally settled on the Clover to do the original and traced over it with a quilting pencil which worked beautifully
The description said that it came with CD "Includes easy-to-use CD with over 50 certificates and award templates". After I received it, it did not have it. But the selling company replied my e-mail and said that "I checked the amazon listing and do not show that it stated that the CD would be included".The purpose for me to order it is to find the CD to have templates. If you want some thing with templates, do not buy it.
Because of the low price we were doubtful but thought it worth the small risk. Wanted the loupe to make reading numbers on tiny parts easier and it definitely helps with that. So it does the job we bought it to do. We were satisfied with the item.
This is my second serger. 3 years ago when I received my serger it was threaded correctly and I started useing it immediately. This machine came with the thread tangled and knotted. I could not get it to thread properly and working. I took it to a Brothers dealer and had it checked out. It was just missed threaded, but if the machine was not threaded right when it was at the factory shouldn't the inspector had noticed the problem and fixed it? When running the first machine it sounds like a quality running machine but this machine sounds tinney when it is running. I have only had it for 2 months so I hope it works as well as the other machine. I use both machine all the time.
I just received the plate stand and it is not symmetric--one side is longer, so it does not stay up straight.It looked as I was expecting, and was a good price, but the quality is not there. I could not count on this rickety plate stand to hold anything of value as I am sure it will tip complete over once there is weight on it.I hope I can get a refund but I am not pleased with the quality of this product.
Product received on time. Fit my desk well and works o.k. so far. The light could have been a little brighter because I am working miniature painting, so many little things I am trying to see. But it will pass until I happen to run into a brighter light box.
I bought a smaller and larger one. The smaller one-dubbed Lovey Dovey-is gray and I purchased brand new. It appears to be symmetrically assembled. The larger one-Fanny- was bought as used. All parts were in the box, including the instruction owners manual. But I think I can figure out why it must have been previously purchased then returned. The hips don't exactly match. I will not be returning it though as I am a recreational sewer and I think I can make do with it. Price wise this was the best way to purchase these tools as in the stores they cost no less than double the amount. Having these "ladies" makes me look forward to my projects.
Doesn't keep time well, in fact we must reset ours once per week. No online support available.
I was speechless when I opened the Amazon box to find this tiny package of wool. I guess I don't know what 20g of wool looks like. Before you buy, see the photo I posted so you'll know what you're getting.
use this to touch up my waterproof hunting and outdoor gear. Does what its suppose to do. Easy and simple and adds water repeling properties back tothe fabric.
No size was listed when I bought it and of course they turned out to be larger than I wanted. They fail, in my book, because and their inability to stick to anything other than paper. Waste of money!
This sewing machine is very easy to thread and to use. It is lightweight so I can grab it with one hand and move it around. My husband and I have enjoyed using this machine. He has a problem buying pants the right length and took over the machine for a week to hem several pairs - even his heavy jeans.I have been sewing purse accessories to sell at local festivals. After many hours of use, I am pleased to say that I have not had any problems with the machine. It does get a little noisey when I sew over thick areas with several layers of fabric, but otherwise handles it well and does not drop a stitch or jam up.While I have not had time to play with the decorative stitches much, I did use a couple of them and found it very easy to switch from one to another. It will take some practice to get the hang of adjusting the stitch length and width to get the effect that I want.This machine is a very good buy for the average person who wants to do some basic mending and a little creative sewing. I was very happy to find that my bobbins from my old White that I bought from my mother 30 years ago fit the Brother and work well in it.
I too bought the machine since it was simple and "Singer" brand. But it's horrible. In theory, to "lock" the stitches the instructions say to sew the item, remove the item from the machine leaving extra thread, and then use a needle to sew a few stitches back. Even if I do all of that, the middle stitches come loose. My 7 year old just wanted to make simple crafts but this was a headache. I'll just let her use my real Singer machine - it was FAR easier.
I'm new to quilting so I needed tools. One of the first was the 12x12 Omnigrid. It is easy to use but you do have to pay attention to the scales and the orientation on the fabric or you mill not get the desired measurement. As long as you pay attention, the cutting of fabric is simple. You can easily line up where you want and the blade runs right next to it. Getting perfect squares is easy. Learning to sew a straight line is a bit harder.
The case is hard to fit together because the sides of the cover are very warped. They curve inward and this causes the cover not to fit nicely onto the base. I have to pull quite hard on both sides in order for it to fit onto the base. Big pain and not easy to do with only one person. I did not send it back as I thought the rest of the Brother cases would be warped too. I would definitely not recommend buying this case. I would try a different one, like maybe the one SInger makes.
The press is very solidly constructed, with 2 levels of adjustment possible, although further levels could be added by inserting additional blocks. It is not difficult to use nor does it require much pressure to operate. The maximum size (6x8 inches) takes up the full size available, (the printing block needs to lie sideways)so there is no margin for your paper to be any larger than this. It would be more use for someone wanting to make greeting cards than to create prints that could be displayed, framed, etc. I personally found it printed my linocuts less well than using a baren. I also found it strange to print with the linocut facing down, as instructed. Would recommend it for hobby use or use for children rather than for someone hoping to acheive a good quality block print. I have given it a 4 because it is a solidly built printer that does pretty much what it says it does and it is very inexpensive.
I have used these pencil in combination with watercolor and by themselves on illustration board and strathmore drawing paper with great results. If you are a fan of colored pencil drawing, you will enjoy the rich color and workability of Prismacolor pencils. My set did not have a colorless blender included, but I recommend getting several if you want a smooth blended result. You can also erase pretty well with an electric eraser.
but overall met my expectations. Once these corners are on the page they are not budging. I purchased to use for scrapbooking larger items and brochures, which the standard small photo corners really can't hold in place. I had previously used a Scotch product that is apparently no longer available in the US, but can be found in Canada and the UK at a premium price. This Lineco product fit the bill.
Having lost 3+ pounds by end of week 2, I thought I was on my way to good health and proper nutrition, but problems began to arise and there was no 'customer support' to contact! Finding myself very weak, having occassional bouts of forgetfulness and confusion, I must have been getting low blood sugar. (The assigned calorie card for my profile must not have enough calories for me personally to function on). I have since increased to the next higher calorie card, hoping it might still allow me to lose the weight, yet afraid to stay on the diet, fearing reccurence of the unusual, scary symptoms! A phone number with an on-call dietician is needed in case of problems to make this a workable program.
I received these scissors through the amazon vine program so the reviews, good and bad, had no impact on my receiving these to try.However, having had them now for several days and having read 50+ reviews, HOW I plan to use them will work great and I don't think that they will break apart as some people have written. I have a bunch of February birthdays coming up so I have spent the past two days cutting reams of wrapping paper and ribbon. The scissors were an absolute delight to use: light-weight, precise, very-very sharp...which I love! I cut my paper by pushing the scissors along the paper and have wrecked many a design with crappy, cheap scissors that tears and snags. These breeze through the paper like a laser beam!I was always taught to "Use the Right Tool for the Right Job", so I'd NEVER use scissors for cardboard, heavy plastic or other things; that's what shears are for. So, for the detailed, light-weight job that I'd buy these scissors: scapbooking, sewing and gift wrapping...they work perfectly.
Gift off daughter's wish list and it works well for her. Nice to be able to get specialized items through Amazon.
Don't get me wrong, I love Amazon and do most of my shopping here.This paper is amazing and I use hundreds of pieces a month for my art store and I have ordered this paper many times from Amazon.HOWEVER, The last 4 times I've ordered, it has come with severely bent edges. I've complained, sent it back ect ect...and still, It comes ruined.Don't waste your time buying this product from Amazon. It's a bit cheaper on Epson's site anyways.
Not impressed. Some came with no teeth at all and some don't last well at all and I have been piercing for 3 years
I looked at a lot of books by Bliss before I settled on this one - it has some really nice projects. I wasn't necessarily a beginning knitter when I picked this up, so some of the projects weren't attractive for me. But I have done the boat-necked sweater, the cashmere booties, and the umbilical cord hat (several times, to the delight of friends). I'm about to start on the garter-stitch cardigan. It would be nice, though, to have diagrams showing how the pieces should turn out/be blocked. I've used different yarns with a lot of success - don't think you have to stick with her yarn. I'd recommend this book. The simplicity and elegance of the projects make them classics, and you could easily add your own touch to any of the items in the book.
I shoot a fair amount of product photography and I have learned long ago that putty is helpful for holding products and props where you what them. There are many types and brands of putty in the market and some work much better than others. I have used putties that: didn't hold very well; smelled bad; or left a residue that I couldn't clean. When I saw a video review on Amazon from a fellow photographer I decided to give this brand a try.Overall I am very pleased with it. When doing a jewelry shot just a little piece of the putty held the rings upright. However, I had to use quite a bit of it to hold something size of an small point and shoot digital camera. I went back to using clay to prop up bigger items. Also, it does leave a little residue on my shooting surface but nothing that I couldn't clean off. Still I like it and I will be using this putty on a regular basis.
I usually wear light necklaces, and these extensions because of their being relatively heavier than my necklaces pulled the whole necklace back and created a funny situation in which the extender was not on the back of my neck anymore, but standing way lower, dragging the front of the necklace up to my neck, making it look even shorter than it was in the first place.If you wear heavier necklaces with somewhat heavy pendents I guess you'll be fine though.
I bought this primarily to fix a friend's shirt that got either bleached, or sun-bleached. Not really sure how well it works yet. I require a bit of help in fixing said item, as I am disabled, and am more 'mess-prone' than average people.
The frame arrived damaged due to poor packaging. Two sides of the frame were bent. I still used the frame but the company needs to add a little foam or something when packaging for shipping.
Like everyone else reading these reviews, this is how I ultimately chose and bought this machine-so I hope this review helps you make a choice too! It seems like every machine I looked at though had several really negative reviews (some had more than others-but the really positive reviews for this one is what eventually convinced me-so I just want to add to it!) and probably like you it made me really nervous!-the only thing I can say about that is that any product on the market has a certain number of duds (errors in the manufacturing)-in which case all you can do is return it in the allowable time. By the way-this is why I buy all of my appliances/electronics with my American Express card-they will give you your money back on any purchase (up to like $1000) if it's lost, stolen or broken (even if it's your fault it broke or the kids drop it!) within 90 days. I'm not sure if this is a benefit for all AMEX cards (though I've heard it is) so just check with your customer service ...ANYWAY... sorry about the tangent.It really is the best buy for what you get: this EXACT SAME model is selling on [...] for $[...]! So truly don't let the low price fool you, it really is a more expensive machine selling for super cheap right here on amazon. This has everything you need, and has room to grow as you become more experienced so you don't have to go upgrade. Because I'm a beginner I first thought "I'll just buy the $[...] one with 10 stitch options because I don't know what all those stitches do anyway, and then if I really get into sewing that's cheap enough that I'll upgrade in a year or two" I'm so glad I didn't do that, I'm still just beginning but I can see how valuable having more stitch options is going to be and I've already started using some of them. (see below)When I took it out of the box I started going through the user manual was sewing within the amount of time it took to wind the bobbin and thread the machine (the automatic threader took a couple tries but now it's a breeze) In regards to the cheap thread thing: I actually went to a licensed BROTHER dealer in town and asked about it, and they said that MOST MACHINES STRUGGLE WITH CHEAP THREAD. So my following question was "Well, what is cheap thread?" and her response was "Like, when you get 5 spools for a a dollar or two" In any case I just bought my thread at a 'real' fabric store (not like wal-mart and such places that just happen to carry fabric too) and have not had any problems WHATSOEVER-no tension problems, no bobbin problems, nothing.My absolute favorite feature is that when you change stitches the LCD display tells you what presser foot you need to attach for that stitch!!! You don't have to refer to the user manual. It shows you the shape as well as what letter it is (J, G, M....etc. and each foot has the letter engraved on it). My second favorite thing is that because I don't have a serger yet (maybe I don't need one now!) in order to keep fabric from unraveling I've really enjoyed using the overcasting stitches with the overcasting presser foot-it's so easy. I just trim seams down and then overcast (stitch #6 is what I use)-works just as well as a serger and saves me the $$$money$$$.Good luck and happy sewing!
This was exactly what I wanted in order to use in quilting. After using one my friend gave me, I knew I should get some.
I ordered this as a present and when I got it the packaging was already opened and the paper was all over the box. Most of the paper was crinkled and torn. The paper is good and that's why I'm giving it two stars instead of one.
Being that this is my very first experience using a tracer/enlarger projector, I found it very simple and really fun to use! As I read the first comment, I was puzzled as to why the customer was angered and blamed the projector for curling up a photograph, when the manual (which I believe everyone should take a moment to actually read) specifically tells you not to use original photographs. I'm sorry, but it's really common sense. One customer (an artist) stated that she couldn't achieve sharp focus using even a simple black and white line drawing. I found it was pretty simple to focus. Once I got everything set up I quickly sketched a simple b/w line drawing on a white piece of paper and adjusted the focus, and I was excited to see the results! I don't know. I had fun using it. And yes, you must be in a completely dark room to use it. It's a projector. It needs darkness. Yes it gets hot, but if you used regular paper (the manual even states that you should use copies NOT originals), matte paper preferably, not glossy it, then it shouldn't do any damage to your copy. Perhaps other customers bought a defect item, I don't know, but I'm not complaining. I love it. Especially since, I was able to get mine for a whopping $4.00 at a thrift store!
I purchased this kit for a friend and I as a fun summer thing, and it turned out to be a lot of fun!:) The henna works very well and we were able to get a lot of tattoos from just the one bottle, but you have to use it within 24 hours of mixing it up. From what I have heard, henna usually lasts about a week once mixed, so that was a bummer that this particular kind didn't last longer, but all in all this made for a great starter kit and the bottles can be reused with our next henna experience:) hope this was helpful!
I frequently use this kind of paper for school and scout projects. My last roll ran out, so I got this one. The paper is very thin and translucent. Maybe I should have known this because it's &#34;sketch&#34; paper, but I was expecting butcher paper.
I bought the glue stick with the intent to use it for scrapbooking, however so far I have only used it on a school project w/ my son. We were putting paper pictures on a poster board. The glue worked well enough, but I would not recommend it for this type of use. If we bent the poster board the pictures would start to pop off. I'm guessing it will work better on my scrapbook pages.
i ordered this item on december 7, with plenty of time to have it by Christmas. (the write up says it ships in 5 - 7 days). well, the week before Christmas i get an email saying this item will now not arrive until the middle of january!!! i really needed this for Christmas day, so i ended up going to hobby lobby and purchasing it there on sale... cheaper than $5.99!well, today is december 24. guess what showed up in the mail today?? yep... the cricut spatula! now i have to return one of them. i would love to return the amazon spatula. however, at this point i think it may almost be easier to return the hobby lobby one.the product is nice, but i had a frustrating experience! if you order this online, don't expect to have it in a timely manner!
I own several Fiskars products and never had an issue, so I bought these Fiskars for my 4 year old daughter after she misplaced a pair of Melissa and Doug scissors. My daughter has been using scissors for over 2 years now and never had an issue, but has had nothing but problems with these. My daughter found it awkward to find a proper finger placement and then couldn't hold a consistent amount of pressure to successfully complete her assignment. Will be scrapping these pre-school scissors and buying another pair of Melissa and Doug.
Construction is good, the parts all fit together well. We use it for lightweight craft items and it works very well. I'd recommend it to anyone wanting to organize small lightweight items.
I bought this to iron on a plain white shirt for myself to wear on my wedding day. Well I followed the directions and it did not turn out so great! The stones did not all transfer on to the shirt!!! So I was not happy and did not wear it that day after all.
I don't mind putting in a lot of work to create a lovely product, but with this kit it only took a few hours to realize that even with taking the time to do it well, it would still only end up an average looking craft project. True, it's nice to have all of the materials already assembled, counted, plotted, and ready to go, but if you are looking for something that you can bring out year after year and hand down to the next generation - this isn't it. I'll keep working on it to completion (obviously not for this year), but I don't expect it will remain with our family decorations more than a year or two (max).
I got this product for my girlfriend for christmas, and when she opened it, she was delighted. I also purchased a plethora of stones for her to place. While the transaction with the seller was an excellent experience, the quality of the product was complete garbage. There are many other stud setters out there, and I recommend anyone looking for this type of equipment seek a different one. The quality of the construction is cheap plastic, and cheap metal parts. Nine out of ten times, when she pressed down the mechanism to set the stone or stud, the prongs wouldn't go through t-shirt type material all the way, and if they did, they would not bend the teeth the correct way. She had more luck setting the stones with her fingers, and bending the teeth with a spoon.
My husband and I purchased these for a rehabilitation institution for the teen residents. One might think, "What a lame thing to do" but on the contrary, some of the kids in there are artists who fell into the wrong crowd, others used them to lessen their bordom. These were very well worth the cost and each crayon arrived unbroken and in perfect condition!!!
This is a good quality serger thread that is not expensive like some of the other thread brands like Madeira. You also get more thread on the cone than some of the expensive brands - 3000 yards. The yarn is 100% polyester but feels like cotton. I've had no problems with thread breaks and its not too "hairy" which makes threading the needles and loopers easier. Maxilock places a product label inside the bottom of the cone so you can easily identify the color and dye lot of the thread when you need to purchase more. The thread doesn't slide off the spool so you don't need to use thread nets to keep it under control.Maxilock also makes a "Stetchy" thread which is the same as a wooly nylon, for soft and stretchy projects and for making a decorative edge. and a varigated version of the all-purpase thread.
My daughter asked for one thing from Santa this year: a kid's sewing machine. I purchased this machine because:1. it was cheap and small (yes, I understood that this was a TOY and wouldn't sew very well. I just needed it for a 4-year-old to sew paper and scrap fabric with)2. it carried the respectable name SINGER, so I (wrongly) assumed that it would at least work.The machine sewed ONE STITCH before jamming. It's total junk. Do not waste your money.
These Westcott titanium scissors are quite a bit lighter-weight than other titanium scissors, due to their having slightly shorter blades (just a bit over 2" long), and thin yet sturdy cutting edges. The soft rubber handles are comfortable even though they are not as contoured to fit one's hand or as designed for maximum comfort as some of the newer titanium scissors are these days... so after quite a bit of cutting, one's hand can start feeling a bit cramped.If your scissor needs involve short periods of time cutting relatively non-resistant items that are not-too-thick, and lighter-weight, slightly shorter scissors are helpful for some reason, then these are the scissors for you.There may be potential problems using these scissors on heavy-duty items such as thick cardboard boxes or most any modern packaging (with thick plastic and cardboard containers so ubiquitous these days), so recommended uses would be for arts and crafts projects, coupon cutting, scrap booking, and sewing. These are not the best choice of scissors for opening newly purchased electronics items.
I bought this to make labels for the back of framed pictures. I had been using self-stick sheets and cutting them, but they didn't always stick well. Now I just print strips of labels, run them through this gadget, slap them on and they stay there.
LOVE, LOVE IT. I CAN DO A WHOLE WEEKS WORTH OF PAINTING WITHOUT HAVING TO CHANGE THE PAPER. I NEVER HAD TO ADD WATEER TO ANY O9D MY PAINTS BECAUSE THEY STAYED MOIST ALL WEEK.
Sturdy canvas with strong zippers. I stuffed it to capacity and after a little struggle got all the compartments closed and zipped. It remained zipped without bursting the zippers. Lots of generous sized pockets and organizing dividers. The wheels are strong and roll easily (even on rough uneven ground). Love that it has handles on the sides as well! I had to carry it up a couple of flights of stairs and because i stuffed it so full, it was heavy. Had a friend help me and the handles made it so easy. It also arrived sooner than expected and in great condition. It was packed very well. There is only one slight draw back, my tote is VERY heavy and I find when the handle is all the way extended it doesn't feel strong enough to turn/push/pull (feels somewhat out of control and flimsy). I only extend my handle half way and have great results with that.
Yipee, they fog. Maybe I sweat too much, I don't know. No one else had foggy goggles and lab policy says everyone has to keep them on while at least one person is left in the room still working with reactants... even if they're on the other side of the lab. They are moderately uncomfortable with glasses, but tolerable for a 2 hour long lab time.
I ordered this for our office use. We needed a large whiteboard but we did not have the money for it. So I came up with this idea of buying a tripod and a whiteboard separately to meet the budget. It certainly can hold the whiteboard yet far from being a sturdy support. To look at it, you'd think it shouldn't cost more than $15. Such item finds its use mostly for business, which is probably why it can be priced so high.Though not sturdy. It is extremely light, look very cheap, but it does work.
I suppose I should have known better when seeing that the product states that it is a "continuous line". I purchased glue dots before, and remember them being actual dots, which I really liked for scrapbooking. Just know that this is actually a line of double-sided glue. Still works great... kind of a pain when unrolling because it gets stuck to everything. I prefer the dots to the continuous line and would opt for that next time.
This is not Dual Duty thread- it is 100% Polyester All Purpose Thread and it contains no cotton as advertised.
I agree with other reviewers - this product is misleading. It should make it clear that there are duplicates of colors and not 54 DIFFERENT colors! This would only be good in a classroom, school or as a gift for multiple kids. No one kid wants many of the same color.
Didn't think I needed a carrying case at first so didn't buy one when I bought my sewing machine. Then I was in the middle of projects, didn't want the machine or accessories bothered, we moved to a new house, etc. realized I needed something to protect the machine so I purchased the case. Very glad I did. Easy to use, easy to carry. Good purchase.
I ordered this product for a school project, it was supposed to be a one-inch square. What I received was an irregular measurement of 11/16 of an inch. The punch itself works well but the project was made exponentially more difficult due to this error in description. I would be wary of purchasing from this seller again.
I am new to serging and was afraid the machine would be to complicated. It took me about 10 min. to thread. You don't even need to re-thread the machine to use a new thread color, just tie the new thread to the old thread and set tention knobs to zero to feed it through and your done. You can also use regular thread spools. It is so easy to use with no thread tention problems. I have only moderate sewing skill and wanted more finished results. A dream!!! Really speads up my projects. My only regret is that I didn't buy it ealier. If you are a professional seamstress, you may need a more complicated machine with extra bells and whistles. Free shipping was fast. Had the machine in 3 days. Awesome, Awesome, Awesome!!!!!
Not so great, IMO. The fasteners don't get inserted most of the time, and when they do, sometimes it's only one of the two heads that makes a successful connection. I finally tossed it.
I bought these to hold an aluminum gas door closed on my truck after the original spring broke. They show a picture of the magnets holding together through a penny so I figured I'd give them a try after using hook and loop first and having it fail due to exposure to the elements. I got the tiny 1/4 inch ones and used epoxy to clue them on the door. They worked so perfectly and I found so many other uses for them I actually ordered two different sizes to add to my collection. They are so strong that even the tiniest ones will hold through multiple sheets of paper on your fridge, I've glued them to bottle openers and also to my BBQ tools to stick right on the side of my grille. I love these things and can't believe I never discovered them before.
This is not a very good machine. It is a plastic waste. The only thing this can sew is cotton material. I would not recommend it to any one.
I've owned these shelves in the past... older versions I bought from Costco were very sturdy, and could hold a lot of weight. The connector pieces may have needed a bit of force to use, (I used a hammer and pliers to put them together) but they held very well and didn't break or disconnect on their own.Today I received some new ones I ordered on Amazon. The grid sections were made of thinner wire, and they easily sagged under load. The corner connectors were flimsy and hardly held the grids together. They weren't even the same connectors featured in the picture on Amazon.The ones I received might have been fine for light duty... or making rabbit cages... but this is not the same product I used in the past... so if you're looking for more of these shelves to add to your current set, please keep in mind that these might not be the same ones you already have... and the thinner wires might be too small for your old connectors... you won't be able to add to an existing set of shelves.
I was hoping to use the buttoneer to fasten buttons onto one of my wool coats. It couldn't do it. I think it will be useful though for lightweight fabrics like cotton.
Much MUCH darker than pictured. The golds, browns, etc. are overwhelmed by the red and you might just as well buy a dark solid burgandy.
I returned this as the tops were warped ergo the drawers would not open, so really what is the point? I think they should use a little thicker wood for the top and sides or all of these issues wouldnt keep happening. I was hopeful I would be one of the lucky ones not to get a lemon, but not so. I recommend you go to an artist supply store like Pearl or Micheals and find something you can inspect yourself before buying. I was not happy and I hope Amazon stops carrying this product, it is a waste of resources to order & return.
If your're a few dollars away from the free shipping deal with another item, just tack a few of these on, its well worth it.
Got better quality buttons that these looked like from Joanns for the same price. These aren't bad for the price
From reading reviews it seems that this used to be a good product but is no longer such.I agree that these bath crayons, as of 2012, are terrible.We received this as a gift for my daughter's second birthday. We have the Alex Toys star crayon and I thought these would be of similar quality but they were not.First, the crayons do not stay in their holders. It's a good concept if it worked but it doesn't. Once the crayons are out of their holders they break apart easily.Second, the crayons dissolve quickly. If a crayon is under water there is a plume of colored water surrounding it as it dissolves, proving how quickly these crayons dissolve.Third, the crayons barely write. They are waxy like the cheap crayons that are given with the kids' menu at restaurants.This, while not perfect, is a much better option:Alex Toys Star Crayon In The Tub
I gave this to my 6-year-old daughter for Christmas and luckily did catch that there wasn't a hook included, so was able to add that to my order. Even with the hook though, this was a little too much for my girl. She needed more help than expected. Now that she's 7 going on 8, it's perfect. I don't know if there's enough yarn yet, as another reviewer mentioned. We're only about an 1/8 through this kit. When I was a kid I had a Holly Hobbie latch hook kit that I still hadn't finished by the time I turned 18 and moved out of the house, so maybe this will be the same deal. We'll see!There are a lot of colors on this butterfly and it can be hard to see where to place each one, but if you're not too OCD and are okay with some blurry lines (it is yarn, after all, lots of forgiveness), then you should be fine with this.For now, it's a nice way to pass 15 or 20 minute blocks of time here and there.
I must say that the description of the product is very confusing. If this oil is not recommended for fine art use, then what in God's name is it FOR?!
Works well with my Brother PE 500 Embroidery Machine. Easy to use, price is right. Fast shipping! Makes transfering embroidery designs much quicker than just using the computer.
this arrived totally dried and useless, I couldn't retrieve even a tiny bit of glue, very disappointing. Even tho' inexpensive I was waiting for it so I could work on a project, and had to drive 40 minutes for another source. That's why I was using Amazon in the first place.
These frames are wonderful. I have them all over the fridge as well as on our deep freezer to show off all of the family. There were many more frames in the package than I thought there would be.
I received this case as a Christmas gift and was surprised to find how huge it was. I have a Brother XL- 3750 and two machines could have fit in the case. More damage would have been done to the machine by banging around in the case than out of it. I returned it. I was also shocked to see the piece of metal that held the handle in place on the inside of the lid was rusted and it was supposed to be brand new. Too bad, but much too bulky.
THIS LOOKS in the pi to be a nice bat of roving its not its like a small 2 oz ball if that,,,,,a little disapointed but it spun nice just to much money to make anything big with
These are lovely, which is why I ordered them - too bad I didn't get them! I ordered these Antique Initial Monogram from Craftersnet to go with some gold foil embossed invitations. My invoice from Craftersnet reflects that this product is the product I ordered. However, what I received is not what is pictured here, but rather a silver seal with a black monogram on it. Those seals are nice as well, but obviously aren't going to work on the gold embossed invitations. These are pretty cheap, and I figured it didn't make sense to spend the money on postage to return them, so I'll keep them and probably use them on another occasion. However, I'm not too happy about ordering one thing & getting something completely different. I've learned my lesson - go to a stationary store to be sure you get what you want.
Great stamps, high quality. The pink ink is a bright, highlighter pink, and my daughter a more visible ink color. But other than that, it is a great product! Very high quality and seems to hold up to frequent use.
misleading photo , way too expensive for just one brush. I. i suggest people either buy in stores or spend almost 30 mins reading product description. Stay away from such listings.
I attempted to use the hook on a slightly delicate knitting project...not only did it keep tearing ALL MY YARN, it also bent within the first 5 minutes which boggled my mind as very little pressure was used. I found much better quality at my local craft store along with better prices. I will be returning his hook shortly.
The picture is beautiful but print is very light and hard to see at places.
This review is simple: This product does NOT work. At all!! I purchased this product to punch additional holes into my belts. This product is hard to use and perhaps even dangerous. It simply would not and could not put a hole through my leather belts, any of them. This product is futile and I never used it again. So don't be fooled.
horrible and cheap, the latch doesn't close on THIS BOX OF SHARPENED SEMI LOOSE BLADES. DANGEROUS AND STUPIDI will update this review if the seller contacts me back or offers a solution, if there is no update assume they didn't offer a solution.
I only used these pens on two small school projects. They didn't even make it through the first project without problems. They began to skip and run out of ink. An awe-full set of technical pens. Avoid them if you can.
I knew I wasn't getting real gold or silver, but I didn't expect for the gold extenders to turn black after only 2 days of wear!Save yourself the trouble and spend the money to get a good quality product.
This is a really nifty idea, and it works really well for making pleats, but I can not get it to gather. Everytime I put it on the setting for Gather it makes a big knot in one spot, and that's it. The instructions are very small, and not clear in my opinion. There is really no where that I have found for instructions online either. So unless you already know how to use this, or have someone who can show you I think you may end up very frustrated (like me).
It will remove old stains too, even after it has been dried in the dryer. Just remember to let it sit. If It doesn't come out the first time, wash it again. The only stain that didn't come out was mildew. If anyone figures that one out, let me know : )
I needed a variety of circle punchers for a project, so I purchased about a dozen different sizes through Amazon. Most were from EK Success and they are all perfect. Look great, very easy to use and the circles come out perfectly every time. Definitely recommend.
Needed for button above zipper on a pair of jeans. Bought first package, tried all 4 and all 4 came apart. Thinking it might be a bad batch, went to a fabric store, bought another package, first one, same thing!Just ordered via Amazon:Guaranteed High Quality Brass Kit, 8 Set with Tool Jean Tack Buttonsby DIMEBUTTONS (Free Shipping, too)Will update the results.
I suggest you go through more pages to find exactly what you're looking for. There's a few of the pages I didn't use just because it made no sense! Why have green camo pages for the Navy? Most of them wear the aqua-flage?
I bought this kit thinking it would be easy, and the thread colors were close in color making it difficult to create. So, I am ordering it this 2nd time and start over.
My son's #1 fave color is purple. So I was a little annoyed that there was light blue, dark blue...but no purple! The paper is a little on the thin side, but nice vibrant colors.
i like it so much, that is excatly what is what i wanted:) the size, the shape, everything about is just great the shipping was fast too. :)
I buy Red Heart Super Saver yarn because I can get a lot for a little, but it's honestly not my favorite yarn. It's rough, although it softens up a bit in the wash. I prefer yarn that is soft to the touch right out of the skein. I also don't think it wears well. After a few washes, it begins to look a little ragged.Super Saver does have some redeeming qualities. It is cheap, and easier for a beginner to work with than some of the specialty yarns that sometimes require us to work by feel. The colors are consistent from skein to skein. When they say no dye lot, they mean it. I have never had trouble mixing old and new yarns. The colors always match.PROS:+ inexpensive+ no dye lot+ easy for beginners to work withCONS:- feels rough but will soften up a little in the wash- doesn't wear well over timeI personally wouldn't choose this yarn to make a gift. I sometimes buy it for whatever reason and always regret it, because then I'll have a stash I need to use up. They're okay for adult blankets or stuffed animals.____________________UPDATE: Try as I might to get away from it, I still use a lot of Super Saver and the pile grows. I make the most of it by combining the colors. I'm horrible at that, so I use the colors on other patterns and make my own pattern with those colors. Try mixing this greay heather with burgundy, aran and black. In the right combination, the burgundy will pop from the background, softened by the aran and grey.
This is a kind of fraud from the seller, to present completely different photo of the item and send you a tiny little tape! When I claimed it they said that was a zoom picture! Not acceptable at all!Dont trust this seller!
This product was not what I was expecting. I thought it was going to be divided and it is just one compartment. It seems durable and of good quality so as long as that is what you are looking for then it is a good choice.
I would agree that the Simplicity BH600 does not take a long time to learn to use, but a better manual would really help. The instructions for threading are good, but not for other operational details. There are 3 knobs which can be adjusted to accommodate different fabrics, stitch length, depth, and thread tension. The manual tells you that much. However, it doesn't tell you what those things mean nor what the numbers mean or when you should turn the knobs which way.Take stitch length, for instance. On my old Singer machine stitch length meant the number of stitches per inch, and measured the distance the feed dogs moved the fabric per stitch. Higher numbers meant smaller stitches. On my Janome, stitch length refers to the number of millimeters the fabric moves per stitch the needle makes. Smaller numbers mean smaller stitches. I have no clue what the "stitch length" means on the BH600 or what is measured. The total information given is "Variable stitch length to customize the stitch for every fabric weight." Not a clue concerning what is measured (interval between stitches? length of the stitch from the edge of the fabric?) or when you should turn the dial one way or the other.Nevertheless, its compact size is very important for those of us who only need a blindhemmer once every couple of weeks, it stores very neatly in the box it ships in, and it worked well right away on the lightweight cotton the machine was set up for. I'm just afraid that it will be a bear when I have to try to figure out those knobs by trial and error.One year later: I would take away some stars at this point. The tension system is not at all robust in this machine. Even though I do not use the machine heavily, with months going by without using it, the tension mechanisms are totally shot. It started giving trouble just before the warranty was done and I contacted a certified shop to see about getting the machine worked on. I was told that the spring is a little weak, just take it out and stretch it a little. I did and that worked for a while, but it is pretty worthless now. I supplement the spring with a washer my husband found that is the right size, but the plastic knob that holds the tensioner parts together is also cracking.I would also not buy another straight needle hemmer. The problem with the straight needle is that a bar lifts the fabric up just as the needle is about to pierce the fabric. This tends to pull light-weight fabrics out of alignment, making the hem a little crooked unless you really fight it. All in all, I would not buy this machine again nor recommend it. Pay a little more and get a machine that is more robust and will work better.
I'm delighted with these scissors. They are true left-handed scissors, with the upper blade on the left. They're well made, and a pleasure to use. I can't give them five stars, however, for two reasons. First, the sheath that comes with them is made for right-handed scissors and won't fit on these. Second, although these are true left-handed scissors, Mundial offers only a couple of its models in true left-handed versions. Worse, it also offers fake &#34;left-or-right&#34; scissors that are really right-handed scissors with modified handles. Left-handed people are 10-15% of the population, and we do every job that right-handed people do. We need every kind of scissors that right-handed people need, and we need them to be real left-handed scissors like these. When Mundial starts offering more than just a couple of popular models in true left-handed versions, and supplies them with sheathes that actually fit them, I'll come back and add stars, because these scissors really are excellent.
Can someone please tell me how to get the "Rub a Dub Tub Crayons" out of my grout??? I let my kids use these during bath for the 1st time today.The scrub duck that comes in pkg cleans the tiles fine, but not the grout! Please help!! My white grout appears ruined by these "tub crayons". Suggestions appreciated. Thanks!!
The thing does work. I mean, we just got it to melt and we are assuming it will hold a pants hem decently. However, instructions did not work at all with a pair of khakis. We had to put double strips and use a piece of paper instead of a cloth to iron on top of in order to let enough heat to pass. Oh, 10 seconds? We needed to rounds of 30 seconds to get one set of stripes molten enough.
1. The picture shows the paper roll above the art station. Mine did not arrive that way. Mine has the paper stored just under where the two boards (chalk and white) meet. Which would be fine except it makes rolling new paper out tougher.2. The screws provided for the wheels are inferior. When I screwed in each wheel the screw head snapped off leaving the screw still inside the dowel (sp?). I am not a big strong man so I can't say I screwed the screw too hard. It just snapped off like a twig. Cheap screws!I don't usually leave remarks but this is such a large item and kind of pricey so I don't want anyway to purchase this without knowing what they might be getting into.Don't use the screws they provide. Buy your own!All this aside. It's pretty darn cute.
my daughter selena she loved the stamps bt the ink did not work and when she stamped the stamps on her hand nothing showed up so if i were u DO NOT GET THIS AT ALL!!!!!!!! :)
This is for a Brother Model XL2600I basic++ sewing machineWhat a great buy this machine is. Brother quality at KOOL ADE prices. Only complaint about the product is the needle threader. it's pretty sick. Mostly doesn't work. However the needle sits so that is is easy to thread manually.Amazon service, as usual was very fast and proficient. Good combination. Thanks.Wil HurdPurchased through Amazon
This dye sucks! I dyed my leather jacket and the dye constantly rubs off on everything including my fingers!! Yes, I followed the directions to a "T". Save your money!
I love Artbins -- I own 3 of them and will order more in the future as I need them. They're stackable, portable, lightweight, and I love that they are translucent so you can see what's inside instead of guessing. They keep my sewing and cross-stitch notions totally organized. The only drawback is that the organizer does not contain enough dividers for each available slot and its difficult to find/order replacement ones. Other than that one drawback, this is a 5-star product!
As far as the professional response from the company goes, it would rate five stars. The product was very well packaged, and delivery was quite rapid. The cost was small enough that no one is going to get very bruised. However, I thought the product was really really poor. So bad, in fact, I placed 11 of the 12 sheets in the garbage, completely untouched. They are so thin that they are effectively unworkable as a "scratch" media. I ended up making my own scratchboard by applying two coats of dry wall mud over plywood, sanding the surface smooth, and painting black ink over the surface. This worked magnificantly... But it is alot of work.
This machine never worked correctly. The bobbin never worked and the thread always broke no matter what I tried. I just threw this machine in the garbage. I will not buy Brother again. Back to Singer.
I ordered this set for my son's 4th birthday and he loves it. He eats, colors and plays at this table. The assembly was very easy. There was only one peice missing for the bins, but I called Kid Kraft and they sent me the missing peice without any problem.
We bought this for our 9 year old daughter, and she loved it so much, we ended up buying several other kits also. This kit was very nice, and included everything needed except the latch hook tool itself. That has to be purchased separately. We were disappointed about that at first, but after buying additional kits, we understood why. You don't really need to end up with a drawer full of the tools when you buy several of these kits. We have noticed in other kits that sometimes the colors don't match exactly, or there wasn't quite enough yarn included of a particular color, so you may have to improvise a bit.
It does the basic work a glue is supposed to do. Could it be better? Yes, but a crazy glue performance shouldn't be expected from a regular glue. All in all it's a good glue.
The tote I received (from the marketplace seller) looked very similar to the picture, but had a large white 'Kenmore' logo permanently adhered to it on the notion side above the zipper. The logo, to me, was too visible on this dark tapestry and it took away from the beauty of the bag. I may have given the tote itself 4 stars but took away 2 because of the large permanent commercial branding.
I ordered and paid for two shields and only received one. I contacted the company, but have received no response.
Grat product and fast delivery. I dont know why they have this listed as a toy......this should not be used by anyone under the age of 18 without supervision
I did 4 applications and have now given up. The first time, I left the Armour Etch on for 5 minutes, no difference in the scratches on my sunglasses. Then tried for 10 minutes, 20 minutes, and then 30 minutes and there was absolutely no change. Very disappointed in the product!
This Swingline hole punch is easy to use and good for punching thick stacks of paper. It's sturdy, and the handle is well balanced. The ruler slides to adjust for any size paper, and the container holds a lot of holes before it needs to be emptied. It's a bit pricey, but worth every penny.
Ordered 4 rolls for $5 each. I thought they were bigger than they were so I had to order another 4. The price went from $5 to $5.50. Today the price is over $9. Something is wrong with this listing. Not too happy with purchase.
I've had several sewing machines and this one beats them hands down. Easy to use,easy to set up. The quick guide got me sewing almost immediately. The assortment of feet let me try all the features. The touch screen with showing what foot you needed for what stick was made for me.the variable speed button is excellently placed. The numbered system to thread and put the bobbin in, let my 11 year old daughter start to sew. Done several projects and very satisfied. Thinking of getting a fabric cutter just to keep up with my project ideas I have for this machine.
This product was SO much fun to use! So easy that my 3 year old daughter could even do it. I didn't think there was very much paint but a little bit goes a long way! It said it came with belly tattoos and it didn't, but loved it anyway. Would definitely recommend it!
I used my punch for the third time -- and the moving handle literally broke in my hands. I was not using a death grip; indeed, I have rather small hands without a strong grip. The handle broke off and is irreparable. Oy.
I was looking all over for wafer paper and found it here, I was satisfied with the product and it worked for what I needed perfectely. I would recommend this product to other people with out hesitation!Wafer Paper 8"x11" Set of 100
I agree with the previous post about these not being heavy duty. I was in a rush and ordered 2 packs. They arrived promptly - in time for my return to my boat overseas. I use the needles to "whip" the ends of sailboat rope (called "line" in nautical terms). I brought some new line back with me, along with the needles. When I tried the first one, the eye soon broke with virtually no sideways pressure on it. I was just pulling light waxed thread straight through the new 1/4" "yacht braid" line. When I went to remove a second needle from the package, I noticed it's eye was already broken. I'm sure the seller would let me return them but that's not convenient for me now.BTW, I bought these to replace a nearly identical looking package of 7 with the company name, Dritz, on the package. I had bought them many years ago. They had held up well after many uses over the years.
The yarn I received was very faded and dusty looking. I purchased it to continue a scarf I was making and you can see where the yarn meets.
This is listed as having a smooth side and a rough side. It does, but they are of differing quality.The rough side, is about the texture of typical construction paper, and is very even in appearance.The smooth side, is a polished surface, but the appearance is not even. There are streaks through it. If you've ever seen a concrete wall which was poured with wood planks as supports, and leaves the grain in the concrete; it looks like that but smooth. It's like black-on-black wood grain.-If you need a matte finish for background, the "rough" side is great. (it's not very rough)-If you want semi-gloss, the smooth side is a bit uneven, unless you're covering it up with loads of other items.-It's listed as heavyweight. It's about the thickness of typical inkjet paper, not butcher or packing paper.-It's not flimsy/fall-apart like construction paper, so it holds up reasonably well to folding. Tears nice along a fold, both directions.For chalk, consider some chalkboard spraypaint instead.4/5 because of the smooth side.
I have no problem with the product itself. This is a box 3000 framer's points that come in stacks that fit into a framer's gun much like a stack of staples fit into a staple gun. The problem is with the way it was shipped to me. The product box is small, though heavy, and was placed in a larger carton without being taped shut, taped down or otherwise stabilized with packing material. As a result, in shipping, the product box split open and many of the stacks of points were strewn about and separated and had to be thrown away. Trying to use them would have been like trying to load a staple gun one or two staples at a time. I complained to the company that fulfilled the order (Geroy's) and they credited me for the shipping charges. I did not return the order and ask for a replacement because I was up against an exhibition deadline and there were more than enough usable stacks of points for me to frame my paintings - but, excluding shipping, I ended up paying full price for half an order! I will NEVER order anything from Geroy's again!!!!
I was disappointed by this organizer. The latch doesn't stay shut, causing the thread to tumble out every time I picked it up.
This product works great, I just can't get over the price. You need to order so many kits to hang a gate that it costs more than the gate. Once I realized that I had spent $54 and only received enough to hang 1 gate I went to Home Depot and bought a 2"x1" board and a few bolts, nuts, and washers for less than $15. Mine works just as well. Ridiculous mark-up.
This case is ugly and very cheap looking. It is also way too big for my standard sewing machine. My machine knocks around inside of it, defeating the purpose of a protective case. I did not want to give this item even one star, but the system just works that way.
I use this with fabric markers to put words on tshirts I design. It works pretty good and the letters just look awesome. I clean it off with hot water after I use it.
Well, it's construction paper for sure. Quality seems good, colors are bright. What else is there to say? It does seem fairly smooth compared to some brands I've used in the past. Would probably buy again.
I purchased this product to simplify longer cuts along a straight edge where a mounted cutter was too confining, and shears presented too many variances in the cut (potentially shaky operator influenced...).Pros: Good product, easy to use, reliable safety features, cuts well with thin material (paper thin)Cons: The product does not perform as well on heavier materials, and the blade can hang up on card stock thickness paper, which caused 'dimples' in the cut when the wheel failed to rotate completely (even with varying degrees of tightness of the mounting nut). It had no problems with thin sheet vinyl.Summary: Overall a good product for the price, works as expected, but if you have heavier stock to cut, consider a more robust rotary cutter with bearings and a deeper blade.
This projector will work for you if you are only projecting small images in a totally dark room. At larger magnification distances, the image becomes very blurry, unsaturated, and distorted, not to mention that it has to be pitch black to actually see the image, which you will be squinting to make out. The 6" max paper size also too small for anything complex, and the sides fall off significantly in brightness and focus.My recommendation to anyone who will be using this to blow up images (I used it for paintings), is to get an overhead projector instead. I can't believe I struggled with this thing for two years, when an overhead will give you an incredibly straighter, brighter, and sharper image. If you are worried that making transparencies is going to be a pain, almost all inkjet printers will make a beautiful transparency if you get decent quality film (the Inkpress transparency film works really well on my Epson).
This case is solid. I remember my mother having a flimsy case she carried her machine in. This thing is way beyond that. It felt so rugged I had to put it to the test. I do not endorse this, however I stood on it. I weigh nearly 200 lb and decided that is more abuse than this carrying case will ever see.
I haven't had the issues that the other reviewers have had with this machine. I never did much sewing, but now I am making a quilt, and it's going pretty well. This machine is working just fine, and as I am going along, I'm getting better acquainted with sewing straight seams and getting things to look how they're supposed to. I think this is an okay machine, although to be honest, I don't really have anything to compare it to. My mother is a master seamstress, but I've always been forbidden to touch her machines, so I really don't know. All I know is that this machine seems to be working fine.
The Buddha Board is a surface that darkens when wet, then fades back to normal as it dries. It has "Buddha" in the name because it represents the evanescence of life (that everything is transitory). I have one in my office for people to write or draw on when they come in (with a wet brush - though the one that comes with it isn't good).
The punch itself is a good product, I purchased it because of the great price, but the shipping was more than the product so it was not such a bargain. Also, it was listed as magenta which I thought would be a pink hue, but it is actually violet. I am pleased with the punch, but disappionted in the color. I thought it was a good price, but the shipping charges blew that idea.
The Lion Brand Hooks are made of plastic, which allows the yarn to simply glide off the hook and that's great, but they are also considerably short (approx 5") when compared to the Susan Bates Crochet Hooks:Silvalume Aluminum 5-1/2" Crochet Hook: Size 'N 15or the Bamboo Crochet hooks. I actually prefer the shorter lengths with the larger hooks, such as the Lion Brand 15mm hook:Lion Brand Yarn 15mm Crochet Hook, Size Q-19and the lightweight plastic on the Lion Brand 19mm hook.Crochet Hook-S-35However, the short length on the 10mm hook feels a bit awkward. Though I think it might make a great hook for children. The other disappointment is the hook shown in the picture for this product is the P15 11.50mm in Seafoam Green, though the description does accurately describe the size. It appears that the P15 11.50mm hook has been discontinued or replaced by the P15 10mm hook, so IMO it should not appear in pictures or in descriptions as the 10mm hook if it isn't being sold.
This construction paper was of very good quality and is extremely durable unlike those other cheap kinds you buy at your local store. I bought these for my 2 yr old daughter who loves drawing and she had some metallic crayons that would only draw on black paper. I would say go ahead and purchase it if you're looking for some good quality construction paper at a decent price. Prompt shipping as well.
Just like the one my dad had when I was young but 1/3 the size... Not very durable or even usable things. More of a novelty item I feel.
My interest in making stickers led me to buying this product. I visited Avery.com and read the user reviews prior to using to avoid making a mistake that would waste my ink. Printer ink is expensive. The "stickers" which I just purchased do not stick. Sure they take the ink okay, but I could have saved myself the money & printed the image on a piece of paper if I wanted to tape the image to my scrapbook. It's not like I was using this product on an unrecommended surface. A scrapbook is the featured image on the product. Within 2 hours it curled up and fell off. Maybe I just bought a bad batch. This is possible, but I'm a broke college student and the price of this product (not including the cost of the ink I just wasted) equates to almost 1.5 hours at my job. Never ever again.
I should have listen to the review that said the bottles weren't labeled correctly, I hope all who are considering buying now listen to me. These acids are not mixed right!!! Do not buy! I scratched with known and tested 14k gold and the 10 and 14 acid made the gold line disappear. Perhaps as the other review stated the other bottles have the 10 and 14 labeled as 18, 22, silver or platinum but at $1200+ an ounce do I really take a chance? I hope Amazon stops dealing with such an unscrupulous vender.
I've used these markers for a while now and they've been nice. They aren't the top of the line and they do tend to bleed but they are great for getting started. I would recommend them to anyone just starting out with markers.
Just a quick note: you will not be disappointed with it. Actually, you will be very happy to have a punch that works all the time, with one or 40 sheets. I've been using it almost on a daily basis and not even once had a malfunction. Another good thing about it? It is not expensive! So, you cannot go wrong buying the CARL 63040 40-Sheet capacity. Go for it!
So I admit I bought this after looking at other kits and going that's all I get for $10-15? I'm not saying that with this one! The thread selection is great, it's sewing thread with good color selection and the scissors actually feel really sturdy. There is lots of room for expansion in the drawers, there was plenty of room to absorb my odds and ends from previous sewing kits. Needle selection is good and the odds and ends (pins, pin cushion, thimble, seam ripper, etc) all tuck away nicely. My only complaint is that the box itself is a bit flimsey when it's open and spread out. I don't think it's a good package for a smaller child learning how to sew that isn't patient and gentle with the kit but it's got more than enough if you are going to be fixing buttons, doing some simple by hand sewing and garmet modification as an adult or college student.
The glue worked well for my application -- repairing a fixture that is quite hot when it is in operation. The glue originally used in construction melted when it was turned on, but this one did not.
My toddler loves to paint so I knew these would be a big hit...and they were! We have used these at least 50+ times and they are still holding up. I wash them in cold water after each use and let them air dry. I have a rough and tumble toddler and he hasn't broken them yet.
I owned an original years ago when it first came out. It was heavier, more durable, easier to load, and the bullet was similar to a tag holder on one side and a small nitro pill size finish for the front. I gotta tell you I am so disapointed in this one. If it was to be used on a tee shirt, yes pretty easy. I had the bottom part of my hooded sweat zipper de threading. I did get it on. Looks better than the old ties but I thought it would break through the whole 1/2 hour it took me to get through it. Plus the waste of those ties especially without a spring to make the push handle come back was terrible.
My 4 year old is a horse nut, and while she enjoyed this product, it isn't one of the ones she asks to play with repeatedly. It has a nice selection of horses, and does provide great opportunity for creative play.
What can I say? It's thread.It worked well for my projects, including sewing a quilt. Fair price, too.
I was under the impression that it was the wafer sheets that I run through my printer and pull the back off to put on a cake. I really feel that this was a waste of my money.
1. the spring fell off from the plier the first time i tried to use it2. pliers are too huge for jewelry making3. pliers have ridges inside and do not close tight4. poor quality material
Although this set can be purchased for less money now elsewhere, it is a nice selection of 3D scrapbooking stickers for little boy themed pages. Like all other similar Jolee's products, there are several color appropriate miniature pieces in this set which can be used on one page or on multiple scrapbook pages. I especially liked this item due to the fact that there are simply less similar items available for little boy themed pages, but for the cost conscious, I'd recommend buying it for less on eBay or from other shops or online stores.
This is a fantastic product that really works as advertised. I've used much larger, more expensive, equipment that does not work near as well as this system. The top sheet works very well at "catching" the adhesive, allowing you pull the top sheet off and have a row of pieces ready to be applied to your substrate. I use this for prototyping and doing small production runs of board games and it works great.
The fan stopped working after 9 months of occasional use. In fact for the first 3 months I had this, I didn't use it at all. It got so hot, it lit up in my hand. Very scary, It's a nice item, but the warranty is over at 6 months and now I need a replacement. My old craft heat gun is still going after 7 years. Definitely disappointed in the quality, but while it worked, I liked it.
This leather punch does a great job. It's not as heavy duty as others I have owned but is worth the money I spent for this one.
I bought this sewing machine for my granddaughter for Christmas, It is awful. Almost impossible to thread the needle, It took me 15 minutes, my granddaughter couldn't even thread it with her small hands. I have been sewing for 35 years and have had many singer sewing machines. Could not believe singer put their name on this piece of junk. The tension is useless, does not hold stitches and jams every minute. It is very hard to believe that the piece of sample sewing that comes with the machine was actually done on this machine. Such false advertisement. My granddaughter wants nothing to do with this and has discouraged her from want to learn to sew. SINGER PLEASE TAKE THIS MACHINE OFF THE MARKET.....
Until three years ago I had been sewing on a Sears Kenmore which I purchased in high school (over 30 years). I finally decided it was time to upgrade. I purchased the Singer 7466 but did not actually sew on it for almost a year (moving, disabled, etc.). My mother still sews on her original Singer and it sews like a gem. I have had numerous problems with this machine: will not sew with the cover on; foot controller sticks horribly; needle threader never worked; have not found the 13 needle positions it purports it has; one step buttonholer?-have not seen that happen yet; today, I cannot wind a bobbin-it stops and I get an 888 code--the troubleshooting tips in the manual are a laugh. I have emailed their website and never have received any help. I may have received the occasional "lemon" but this experience has helped make my decision on purchasing a new sewing machine--it won't be a Singer.
This extender did not work for my purposes. This is too bulky for the chain I needed to extend. The extender will probably work for something else, though I still have to buy another for the intended chain.
THE IMAGE LOOKS LIKE A NORMAL SIZED CUTTER. WHEN IT ARRIVED (2 DAYS LATER THEN EXPECTED, IT WAS LESS THEN 1/2 THE SIZE OF A NORMAL GIFT WRAP STAND. AT $50 I EXPECTED SOMETHING NORMAL NOT A TOY. STEER CLEAR
I bought this as a second serger for my weekend place. My first serger is a Babylock Imagine, which cost almost ten times as much. The Brother serger has as good stitch quality as the BL. It doesn't have the jet air threading or the automatic tension features, but it is easy to thread and easy to set tensions on this machine. The instruction booklets do a great job in walking the sewist through both.I can't believe this works so well and is so easy to use. There are a couple of stitches that the BL has and the Brother doesn't, but they are not very important to me (for example, blanket stitch).On the other hand, there are a couple of features I like better on the Brother. One is the free arm and the other is the presser foot lifter, which is easier to use and more conveniently located than the one on the BL.The quality I like least on this serger, and the reason for the four stars, is the noise and vibration it generates at higher sewing speeds. It is better when I sew at a moderate speed and with a thick pad under the serger.Other than that, I find it hard to believe Brother can sell this machine at this price. It is a true bargain, with good quality and design and one of the lowest price tags of any serger on the market.
I bought this product a week ago and went to work!I'm a graphic designer and bought this to use for small projects both professional and personal. Also I have created stickers before and got them made through sticker companies online and haven't been pleased by the look and how much I paid to get them made; so I figured I could just do it myself.Of course like most people what attracted me to this was the price. I like it! It's quick and easy! I've gotten a lot of things done within the week I got it. My only complaint is when I ran thin paper like regular computer paper through, it was difficult to get it in and difficult to get off the strip with the adhesive on it. My advice would be to use bristol paper or a thicker card stock. And I will say sometimes the adhesive back could be a jerk.
I was speechless when I opened the Amazon box to find this tiny package of wool. I guess I don't know what 20g of wool looks like. Before you buy, see the photo I posted so you'll know what you're getting.
I was not impressed at all with this glue stick...it was hard and would not glue without alot of pressure and then came apart...I think it is too old??
I purchased these scissors for my two year old. The first pair came off of the plastic so when you cut the metal part just moved up and down. The second pair teeth rub when you try and cut something. they were a good thought but my son has a hard time figuring out how they work.
Cheap. Two of the large thread spools were broken (one had -2- dents... how does one even do that?). I will probably be not using the items provided but will use the case.
What the packaging fails to say is that it takes this product about a month to make a semi-precious gemstone out of a rough rock. "But", they say, once you get inside to the instruction manual, "it takes Nature thousands of years to achieve this, and you can do it in just 30 days".IMHO, this is a part of Nature's job description, and she's got countless streams and brooks to do the work. They also get the job done a lot more quietly, and they clean up after themselves.In this imitation of life, you have to leave the tumbler running for almost a month, stopping only to clean out the gunk, wash the machine and chuck in a new size of grit. The motor only pulls 10 Watts, but the constant noise can be extremely irritating, and the clean-up is very messy.I don't know about you, but a month is much too long to produce a smooth stone that looks nothing like the fancy stones on the box, especially after enduring the noise, cleaning up the mess and answering ad nauseam the "Is it done yet?' question.As Jim Croce would have sang, if there were different lyrics for "Time in a Bottle"If I would shake stones in this tumblerThe first thing that I'd have to doIs to tumble away`til the thirty days passes awayJust to see them get smoothIf I could make kids wait foreverTo see if their gemstones come throughI'd spend every day with my earplugs and thenAgain, I'd go clean out the gooBut there never seems to be enough timeTo smooth the rocks you want to shineOnce you find themI've used the grit enough to knowIt oozes out through every holeAs it finds themIf I had a dime for each productThat works as you think it should doMy box would be emptyExcept for the memoryOf dimes from 1972In summary, forget this messy, noisy toy and go for a nature walk instead. It really is better not to mess with Mother Nature.Amanda Richards, December 30, 2007
I was very pleased with the items that I ordered. The company did a good job of fixing a mix up in shipment and it cost me nothing to rectify it. My husband is very happy with his 5 year Wedding Anniversay gift. Was exactly what he wanted.
See, this makes me mad. You want me to review this product but I haven't used it yet. Haven't had time. Been too busy composing reviews for Amazon.
This isn't normal box-sealing tape - if that's all you need, save your money. This tape is thicker and is intended for repairing books and similar items. It's quite long-lasting and doesn't dry out or crack anywhere near as quickly as regular packing tape. I won't say "never," but it will last a long time. As a bonus, because the adhesive is designed to hold on paper and fabric (think hardcover books), it's handy for quick clothing repair! I work in a library and we use this stuff all the time, but I've decided to stop sneaking a piece here and there from the office and buy my own roll. :)
I have used this machine for a couple of years and have spent more time troubleshooting, fixing and backtracking because of it! I bought this because it has all metal internal parts.(My last machine was an inexpensive Brother that worked great but the internal moving parts were made of plastic and cracked... Not sure if it had been dropped or not.) I have watched the instuctional video several times, and continue to have issues every time I use this machine! if I had the choice I would not buy this again. The only upside to this inexpensive unit, is the price...but i guess you get what you pay for.
This dress form is not sturdy and made of plastic. If you use it as a hobby it's OK but for everyday sewing it would be better to buy a professional one. The hemline attachment is nice and the felt cover could be better.Again it's OK for a few projects and if you have patience to deal with a flimsy dress form.I was very mad once I took it off the box... now I accepted her :)
When I needed balsa stock to make some custom nose cones for my high-powered rockets, I turned to these blocks on Amazon. You won't find this size cheaper anywhere else, and it comes packed so that you don't get dents in this very soft wood. It's also wrapped in plastic to keep out moisture. This is great stuff, at an even greater price! I'll be ordering this again.
For very light duty applications or apparel , this product is ok. However, about 10% were damaged and bent rendering them limited usefulness. The useful opening is barely 5/32 of an inch and the shoulder would easily pull through most fabric with little force. Definitely a decoration and very light duty low quality product.
Sadly, I feel compelled to write this one star review to warn others to check their bag CAREFULLY upon receipt, especially if you are giving this as a gift for Christmas. I have now received two bags with EXACTLY the same defective right-front clip. Both bags arrived in apparently new condition wrapped in plastic with all tags attached. However, the left prong on the right-front clip is deformed (bent inward) so it will not latch like it's supposed to. When packaged, both clips should be fully and securely attached. The left clip on both bags I received has been fine and securely attached but the right clip has been dangling in the packaging.I'm attempting one more exchange (this will be bag number three) to see if I can get a good one. I wouldn't bother except I know my daughter will love this purple bag for her art supplies. It's a shame having to go through this at Christmas. I just barely noticed the defect before wrapping it up. I hope this helps someone avoid giving a defective gift as I almost did. I will update this review if my THIRD bag is not defective. Other than the bad clip, it seems like a good bag.
The book was purchased when my dog was young. I hardly read it but it is a cocktail table book that is attractive and a piece of interest.
This was a pressy for my partner, first time using it and BAM smoke fuming out not a good start.
These were pricey and are not clear at all. They are a cloudy yellow to start out and are listed as &#34;Clear&#34;. They are not clear and can't be used in my project since the glue is meant to be seen. Very Disappointed!
The shipping of this product was extremely fast and the fact there was no shipping cost was one of the reasons for my purchase. However, the description of the product is misleading. It is described as a "heavy" paper, as opposed to some of the medium weights that are available. It is actually a thin, flimsy paper, not even close to durable or heavy. The quality of the paper did not meet my expectation of what I thought I was ordering based on the product description. Also, there was no invoice printout included in the shipment.
These backs as so tiny they're difficult to handle and even more difficult to put on an earring. Even without the earring being in my ear, the hole is so small, they wouldn't slide on many of the posts. Then try putting one on an earring when it's in your ear and you can't see what you're doing! I've used similar white, soft backings (which I prefer to the clear hard onesEarring Backs Safety Backs For Fish Hook Earrings Medium (144)), but these are too small to be practical.
this book has pages for everything. there are even little envelopes to put certificates and dog tags in. there is plenty of space to record fun things.
i was able to wash the stencil between uses, allow to air dry and the tack was ready to use again and again
The only issue I had with this machine is the poor ability for feeding the fabric when there are only two layers of cotton with interfacing going through to be stitched.
I have used punches that looked exactly like this Master 325B in schools and business for 40 years. They were accurate, reliable, took a lot of abuse and lasted forever. Well, this is not that punch. It's a classic poorly made version outsourced to China or an outright Chinese imitation. I can't which say as I never noticed whose name was on the many previous ones I'd used. You'd be better off finding an old used one made in the US than this one. I now regret passing on the Sparco SPR01796 which has seven 5-star Amazon reviews as of this writing and sells for half the price or less.
This is a great, reasonably priced album for those of us with large prints who are finding it difficult to find suitable albums from brick and mortar stores. I have zero complaints about product quality and as for durability, only time will tell. However, I am very upset that the product image shows a silver border pattern on the cover and the actual album I received has a plain black cover. The ONLY reason I chose black over the Midnight Blue and Burgundy colors is the silver decorative border shown here on the black version. I am considering returning them (I ordered two) in exchange for other colors.
This item delayed my order for almost two weeks. Because they did not have it in stock. If it isn't in stock, don't list it. If you find out that it isn't in stock after you already sold it then please contact me and tell me it isn't in. Don't let me sit there and wonder for two weeks why my order isn't coming on time. Needless to say I never received this item therefore I cannot review it.
When I got the Gloss Gel Medium the container was opened, had a hole in the side, and looked to be about half gone! Was not impressed at all.
Singer's quality is not what is used to be. This dress form is too weak and spindly to be of much good for anyone. I am a size 10 but had to order the size Large form which if memory serves me, states it is for sizes 16-22 so these forms are not true to size. This form was damaged upon arrival and was returned. Pay more and get something sturdier.
I am happy I bought this item.Provided with this product are free bobbins and needles - which is, no doubt great and comes very handy for the first few days.However, I purchased two sets of products:1.Brother SASEW8012 Machine Sewing Needles2. Style SA156 Sewing Machine Bobbins for Brother - 10 Packwhich are very compatible with this machine and I would strongly recommend for serious sewing enthusiasts to buy.The cons side: the manual is not so user friendly, would appreciate if there were some kind of pdf document of video for a manual supplementing this one.
I didn't like the shades of color and I don't think they did a very good job of pairing the colors together. I ended up going to a local craft store to buy a different brand and type.
I am a preschool director and we used this product with fabric markers to create a quilt for our school's annual fundraiser. Each child decorated two squares and our room mothers helped tie it together. It turned out beautifully!
I purchased this airbrush for airbrush tattoos and I strongly suggest to not use it for tattoos. It would splatter paint everywhere and I ended up using up alot of my ink.
Cheap, does the work. It have a blue and red film which you can interchange to see the hearts and arrows. pretty cool. i used it to look the the diamond i bought. You will need to align the scope and your eye directly above the diamond else the image will be distorted
This book is so easy to understand! I was tatting in less than five minutes! The different size needles included with the book are very sturdy and easy to use. Thanks for a great product, and super fast shippihg!
1. the spring fell off from the plier the first time i tried to use it2. pliers are too huge for jewelry making3. pliers have ridges inside and do not close tight4. cutting plier can't cut through wire/chain5. poor quality material
Just a review of the advertizement - It would help to have more details, like how long are these scissors?
I don't know if all of the paper is like this, but the paper I got is printed just a little 'off'. The end result is somewhat painful to the eyes- like wearing the wrong glasses prescription. While it is cut into perfect squares, the paper is very thin and I end up getting little wrinkles in places I don't want them. So, it's usable, but not great.
Design makes a terrific rubber eraser. It's consistently reliable and dependable for years; that is if you can keep it around that long. As an art teacher, my husband buys these by the case load and distributes them to each of his students. He 'allows' them to use the eraser as both a tool (eraser) and as a mini sculpting piece (keeps their hands busy during lectures and they create terrific objects).There are multiple sizes. The tiny ones are difficult to work with, but this size is sufficient.Our only negative comment would be this. Be careful who you purchase from. There are those who sell these 79 cent erasers for $4.39 each. Stay away from those vendors and only deal with honest folks. You can't go wrong with the product.
Plastic didn't stick to the paper, only the sticky edge around it which wasn't much so it came apart easily.
I am absolutely discussed with the product Dylon for machines. We followed instructions through and through to dye a pair of jeans navy blue. The product is fantastic The more serious problem is, the dye has left my nearly new washing machine ruined. I cannot count how many times I have run a cycle on the machine at the hottest point with oust, and detergent. I have so far spoilt some coloured goods and some white good. Could anybody help me regarding this serious problem. I cannot afford a new washing machine which costs 400 for a dylon machine dye to ruin itJoan Stevenson
I did not receive the product pictured or listed. It says "stencil Mill 24 pack stencils." What I received was a pack of stencils from Highlights magazine. It was missing 8 of the stencils and was not what I ordered. I called Amazon and they resent the item which I received today. This one had all the pieces, but was still the wrong one. I'm sending both back for refund. Don't order this because you will not received what is listed or pictured.
the scissors aren't very good, but you can cut a thread and i guess that's really all they are meant to do. the size and convenience are what i really like about this kit.
I have started making clothes for myself and needed a way to avoid being stuck by pins during the fitting process. This dress form helps a great deal. It is rather flimsy, but it is fine for an amateur sewer like me.
My 7 year old son asked Santa for a sewing machine this year and Santa brought us this one to share. He hasn't tryed threading it yet, but he feels really at ease using it. What is a real plus is that you can set the speed from very slow to very fast and when you use the foot pedal that is the speed it goes. He doesn't have to worry about how much he is pressing the foot pedal. The only down side to this is its' cover. It is not a fully enclosed top. Dust can get in and it doesn't lock shut. I wish it fully enclosed and attached in some way. Other than that we are really happy. My son is enjoying the creative freedom.
I have printed several high resolution photos on this fabric using myCanon PIXMA MP495 Wireless Inkjet Photo All-In-One (4499B026)printer.I have used all for pillowcases and so far the ink has stayed intact, it hasn't become washed out by light and/or every day wear-and-tear.These are really easy to use - the hardest part is figuring out which side to put them in to your printer! They iron on seamlessly.The only negative aspect of these sheets is the price. At about $3/sheet, it's not something that's affordable for every single craft project, every time.
I absolutely love Debbie Bliss' yarns. I would love to dive into a vat of cashmerino and go for a swim.The first thing that bugged me about Baby Knits is that the cover shows a baby in a scarf. Only someone with a death wish for their infant would tie a scarf around their baby's neck.The second thing that bugged me about Baby Knits is that every pattern knits up too dang big. I knitted the boatneck baby sweater with Debbie Bliss yarn (yes, I checked the gauge) and it was HUGE. I went on to knit the little cap, faithfully checking the gauge. When I was finished, the cap fit ME. When I complained to other knitters, they nodded sagely and said, "Bliss' patterns always run large."So, beware. This book contains cute-cute-cute baby patterns sized for adults
If you are looking for a quick little machine for quick little jobs, this is for you. If you just need to crank out some straight stitches to hem or secure something simple, this will work perfectly. I sewed up a duvet cover; worked fine.PROS: Cheap, small, lightweight, easy to set up. Heck, it even comes out of the box already threaded and ready to go with a spool of white thread!CONS: It's small, and simple. Not much room for a lot of material to the right of the pressure foot of course, and you must take the sewing slow and steady, never pull. Not versatile, no zig zags or other stuff. Just straight, straight stitch.Overall: Recommended for the most basic of sewing -- the straight stitch on broadcloth. Don't expect it to be more than it is; you get good value for your thirty bucks, but it ISN'T "as good as" a full sized sewing machine, of course! Go ahead and get this; it will do your small chores as you spend time figuring out which really cool sewing machine you'll spend serious money on...
I was disappointed with the size of the actual product because it was like a toy for my younger granddaughters. Kayla and Tarra are 13, and they love my sewing machine so I thought I would buy them one for their birthdays. I wish I had paid more attention to the actual measurements because I would not have made this purchase! They both had problems getting it to sew because the thing would not make a real stitch!
My first attempt at using one of the stout-looking needles led to it bending almost in half. I bent it back (without difficulty) but haven't tried it since, and suspect it is weakened (even more than it was). Maybe it was just a fluke so I'll withhold a harsher judgment until I try them further.
I have to buy another... let me start with that. It was working GREAT it is exacly what I need. Only one problem - it fried out set itself a blaze and now will not work.Hopefully it is just a one time thing.Trying another because I have never had a heat gun work so well.Would give it five stars if it lasted more then 30 days.
While the stamps themselves seem very nice, I was disappointed by how poorly the ink pads worked. I have been trying to find a new ink pad that my daughter can use to replace the one this stamp set came with. The colored pencils seem fine though.
I just recently bought this with my first sewing machine and it's a great starter package!It came with all the basic's that I needed in order to start sewing.It's compact, handy, and great quality for the price. I would suggest buying a few more things to add to this but this case comes with plenty of extra storage compartments to put all your small essentials in for starting out.For the hobbyists it seems like a great economical storage kit even if you want to switch out whats in there for your own.Overall I would defonitly recomment this kit for anyone starting out, and/or anyone looking for a nice storage unit.
I bought this organizer for my desk at work. It was exactly as described. I like the fact that the shelves are adjustable so it allows flexibility in organizing files. I also like that the unit can hold files upright or on their sides. Overall, this is an excellent product and I highly recommend it!
A nice size, and easy to move around and adjust the size. But not very sturdy when using it to cut fabric. Good for the price however.
The quality of the product is pretty good, but it is not really the cross stitch I expected.I need other tools to do the work conveniently instead of handling it all by myself.
I love this book. It isn't big and awkward like some sketch books. Its good size and the paper is thick enough that nothing bleeds through ruining other pages. I will definitely buy again.
These are terrific easy-to-use scissors, but useless to my 3rd-grade son for whom I bought them -- he refuses to take them to school because they arrived in magenta, instead of the blue shown. Kids care about stuff like that, so I think they should be specific about the color of "student" scissors...
My daughter lowes creating horse art with htis set. The stamps and pad are great. I rated it down just a bit for the colored pencils-- not a good selection of colored pencils and they are thin (harder to sharpen)but you're really buying the set for the stamps. THe organizer tray is a wonderful way to help messy kids keep things together.
Good quality & they do the job, What more to say. It's a Great value for the 2 pack of scissors
I bought this paper for my college photography class and have loved it! The colors come out so vibrant and the paper is of a great quality. I would recommend this to others.
I am very new to embroidary and this was my first purchace. After I ordered they immediatly said they were out of stock, but Amazon showed that they still had stock, and they tripled the price! Why lie?? Tell the truth next time you cancel my order! Your name is now "embroidered" on my mind....I won't be dealing withyou again!
I was hoping for something new but book is full of projects that can be easily found in other publications and on-line. Wish I hadn't purchased this book.
This is a great little roll of usefulness. It's easy to cut, to fold along spines, to fold over pages, etc. I was very impressed with its thickness and strength.It wasn't so sticky I couldn't get it off the edge of the table when I pre-cut a piece, so I'd imagine if I made a mistake on a book cover I'd be able to lift the piece and reapply.
I really like this bed, so did my husband (one hour or less "put together" time) and my 2 1/2 yr old son sleeps like a big boy! Happy that it still took the crib mattress that we never used until now because my son preferred his play pen. Storage at the end of bed is a great idea, it personalizes the bed...Bed doesn't have any bells and whistles but it's a bed and that's what we wanted. A Great, SAFE bed!
My son was very excited to get his new desk, but the construction is disappointing -- the slats of the rolltop are warped and only held together loosely by tape. We therefore are not able to raise or lower the top. Very disappointing!
Great quilting tool. Went on line to see this tool at work at Missouristarquilt.com. Once you see this demo, you will want one too. Had to have it.
I bought this as a gift for my mother in law for christmas and she loves it ,Fast shipping and highly recommended for anyone who loves sewing and Quilting:)
I put a button on my pants the evening before work. First bathroom trip at work button popped off!FAILER!! I think I might try to sew it on my self next time...it would last longer even though I don't know how to sew!
this is 1/4", not 1/8"... i bought this because the review said it was 1/8.... IT IS NOT!
I ordered 2 reams but both of them had been badly damaged; the boxes protecting the paper were torn and bent, as if someone had dropped both of them on one corner, and to my dismay, ALL of the sheets had been damaged as a result! The corners of the paper had terrible creases that were obvious and unfixable. I was using these to print high quality prints for sale, and these are now unusable. These are very expensive papers to simply let this go.I am guessing these were dropped in the Amazon Warehouse, as the larger Amazon box the reams had been shipped in wasn't damaged at all!
I cut one segment of fabric from a pattern that had 9 segments to cut, and gave the pair to my 9 and 6 year old great grandchilren to use ... since I am trying to teach them to sew.Of course, my pair may not be true of all these scissors, but I would recommend a pair of fiskar scissors from Walmart which would be about the same price. I say fiskars because the fabric shop down the street use a pair of fiskars to cut the lengths of fabric they sell ... although they also have the same Mundial scissor for sale hanging on their wall display.
this marker are too overrated, they are very juicy and the ink is too dark in all colors because of that is too dificult to do some blender or mix. the ink is so juicy that pass through most type of papers. you can try with crayolas or faber castell instead.
Having arthritis in both thumbs, it's really, really difficult to use regular scissors anymore.These scissors are wonderful. I have two pair and have given several away as gifts. They are in constant use in our house.Plus they get used for meat and poultry and I can put them in the dishwasher with my other silverware.They come out sparkling clean. No rust.Some people complain about the little tab getting in the way.To those naysayers I would say "it's just not a big deal".Yes, sometimes it does slip down but I would rather have it there to be able to close and lock the scissors.Thank you, thank you Oxo!! These are great!PS - Amazon Prime is great too!
I've needed new blades for my rotary trimmer for a little while now. I used to be able to buy them at my local office products store, but they no longer keep them on the shelf. So, I figured if I was going on line, I would go to Amazon first for their excellent service, good delivery timing and comparable prices. I'm not disappointed. The blades were a good price, they arrived in a timely fashion and they do the job. What more could a consumer ask for?
I bought this machine to replace my 35-year old Singer Stylist and was surprised to learn that it was not as good! Of course being newer everything was a little smoother, but it has two problems that made it unacceptable to me. The first is that it requires constant - daily or weekly - oiling (my Singer only needed annual oiling) in 5 different places, some of which were not clearly indicated in the manual (brief and annoying to follow) and all of which were difficult to access. Also, pictures in the manual did not match the machine I received. The second big problem is that the it does not have a drop-in bobbin, something I thought surely would have become standard in the last 35 years! My old Singer had a drop-in bobbin and it is a feature I am not willing to give up.
I was hoping these would pop right out of the dispenser and keep cardstock together for cardmaking. Their adhesive is not as strong as I hoped it would be, sometimes the cardstock pops off again. Also, trying to target the edge of the cardstock to get the sticker square in the corner is a challenge. I have to put the squares on my fingers to position them accurately. (I am sure that reduces the adhesive strength, but I'm not sure what else to do.) It's overpriced for the quality.
This writer or paint worked great, but only shortly. The glow was very bright but faded after a few minutes. And it worked on different textures,like plastic, paper, tape, etc.
This is really great marking chalk, but the last one I ordered from amazon arrived in several pieces. therefore, I'd recommend looking for it locally instead of at amazon. also, Jo-Ann has comparable chalk for a few bucks cheaper (don't remember the brand. it's not quite as nice, as it's square, but a square is better than a broken chunk of a triangle).I guess, if you're buying a bunch of chalk, it might be alright. amazon shipped mine in a flat cardboard envelope. I doubt their standard airbag in a box would've kept it safe, either, though.
I purchased this embroidery machine with the promise that it was the newest and most innovative machine on the market. When this machine works it can be wonderful. However, it has broken every time I have used it. I have spent $100's of dollars on repairs. You can ONLY use Anton Robson Thread and only a certain type of bobbin thread. If you vary from this then the machine will break. Singer will NOT stand behind this product. They will continually claim it is the users fault for not using Anton Robson Thread. You absolutely cannot use any type of metallic thread on this machine or it will break. The automatic rewinding bobbin is wonderful...when it works! The dual thread feature is wonderful...when it works. Overall I have been very disappointed in this machine. It is very frustrating to me to have it break every single time I try to use it. I have wasted a small fortune in stablizers because the machine will quit working in the middle of a design and I have to take it to a dealer to get it fixed. I paid $6,500 for this machine and I would think that Singer would stand behind their product. However....they will not. Several dealers in Salt Lake refuse to carry this machine because of the the problems it has. I would have thought that Singer would want to keep their customers happy but they do not. Do yourself a favor and DO NOT purchase this particular machine. Get a Brother, Bernina, Baby Lock, Viking or Janome. At least you have customer support and they will stand behind their products.
Quakehold! 88111 Museum Putty Neutral does what it is supposed to dono complaintsQuakehold! 88111 Museum Putty Neutral does what it is supposed to dono complaints
I was very disappointed in this item, considering what I paid for this.It is made of heavy-duty plastic, but the lid does not securely fit the case and the latch does not work at all.The case pops open all the time.I have decided to just use this for newspaper clippings I intend to file at a later time.I would never use this case for valuable items like family photographs or small scrapbooking supplies like stickers or trimmings, that would fall all over the floor when the case opens up on its own.The manufacturer needs to do better quality assurance on this item
I bought this item to make decorations for my husband's send off party for his deployment. When it said 1 inch I was thinking that the star would be about the size of a quarter. But it's not. Its about the size of a penny. The description could be better for this item. However I did get it to work. I just had to change some things up a bit. And the product works great. I would have just bought a bigger size had I known how small this was.
Good set of markers. I used them for adult coloring books. Not good for stained glass type coloring pages as the wetness of the markers makes the page curl.
When this circle cutter arrived I tested it out on a sheet of typewriter paper, and it made a clean cut and a little circle of paper popped out. When I tried it on a variety of artisan papers that were slightly thicker, however, the product failed and could not cope with any extra thickness because its blade is too shallow.In addition, the so-called guides to set up a circle's diameter are a joke, and trial-and-error seem to be the only way to get a precise measurement.Given these two failures, it's not really worth piling on to add that the entire cutter is an awkward mess of a design, but it is. I only bought this because I used to believe that Fiskars makes quality products. I was wrong.
The pen tips are very fragile even for the thicker ones. Other than that they're fun and easy to use.
I ordered this product for a school project, it was supposed to be a one-inch square. What I received was an irregular measurement of 11/16 of an inch. The punch itself works well but the project was made exponentially more difficult due to this error in description. I would be wary of purchasing from this seller again.
We purchased these for my daughter and were disappointed by their shoddy performance. All the crayons fell out of the holders upon the first use and don't stay in their holders, making it frustrating to use them. Some broke when the fell in the tub or my daughter threw them. They seemed to have shrunk from being in the water. Sorry I bought them.
Work as designed. Eaiser to hold small parts when gluing into place. Much better than using fingers.
I bought this to use as hair chalk, and it worked pretty well. None of the pieces were broken when they arrived. For my first time trying it, I thought it worked out pretty well. I actually bought them for a friend with dark brown hair--they didn't show up as much in her hair as they did in mine (dirty blonde). The red and pink worked very well--brighter colors.
It worked, but not very well. I bought this to teach my grandaughter how to sew and in a year a two I was going to give it to her. But I had to send it back. The thread kept breaking and it was hard to thread. Also, it kept jamming up. It really wasn't a very good performing machine and very frustrating to use. No, I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. Sorry.
Like Brian (first reviewer), I, too, have learned to love this tool. It offers such a wide array of sizes to be cut, your imagination is your only limit. The learning curve is not that steep, and if you follow the directions, success will reign.Alas, the day has come where I need to find some replacement blades. As some other reviewers have feared, these blades are nowhere to be found. I have written Amazon and other art supply websites, to no avail. Then I did a search of the company, and found that the EZ Success Company is flourishing! I have found thousands of products they offer.I have found a new circle cutter online, and it's called "EK CutterBee Circle Scissor Plus Cutting Tool 5 pc"; it comes with a grand total of 2 blades. Now the only choice is to buy a whole new kit, which is somewhat daunting. I did locate replacement blades for the new circle scissor, so at least that's an improvement.I do appreciate this product. I have finally mastered it, and now, I am glad to say I have just picked up a used EKCS02 for a song. I'll be happy as long as I can make the blades last.
This yarn is wonderful to work with and easy to maintain a good shape for the project I was working on. The only negative I have is tht the color that I recieved was not what I saw on the computer screen. The green was more of a split pea soup green and I had wanted a more mellow green. It did work for another gift I was making for another relative, so it worked out alright.
They are not very comfortable to hold, but for crafting they are o.k. I tried to use them for some upholstering material and they were not that good.
I actually thought these were larger scissors. They were the only set that were called "Teachers' Bulk Set" For that reason, I was thinking and hopeful that they were larger than they were. Oh, well, they are sharp and cut well. That is the main thing I wanted.
I purchased the medium block punch, thinking I would have a 1" x 1" square.After receiving the punch, however, I find it is smaller. On the back of the package it says it is "1 cm/.625 inches" . First, I don't think 1 cm equals .625 inches. Second, there is nothing in the descriptions (here or elsewhere that I could find) saying it is 1" across DIAGONALLY. So if anyone is needing a 1" x 1" square, this is not it.Otherwise, the quality of these punches are fair. Not excellent, but they are handy and easy to use.
My loupe came with a little chip in the depth of the glass near its edge. As others noted, the magnification is closer to 5x and the glass diameter is less than an inch (21 mm as stated) of which only about half an inch near the center is useful: at the edges the image is distorted/stretched out. I was able to read the ring stamp though, something I wouldn't be able to do without this inexpensive implement.
I really only bought this set for the plastic pizza wheel. Great basic set though. This set is very sturdy and it has survived a year with a 2 year old banging these pieces all around my home. =)
I have owned this machine for about 6 months and have sewn several projects with it. I am not a person who spend his time sewing but the odd sewing project comes up and this machine is perfect for me. It has many stitches programmed into to it that makes sewing for me a breeze. It comes with enough attachments to give about anyone a terrific start right out of the box, just add thread and material and your off. I had very, very limited sewing experience before purchasing this machine and I find it to be very easy to set up and operate with a very quick learning curve. It is lighter than older sewing machines but I have not had any issues with the machine sliding or moving while sewing even large and heavier peices of material. I have tried all the accessories and options to see how they worked and I have not had any problem figuring out or using any of the options. Even the auto-threader works well. Another plus is that the few accessories that didn't come with the machine, are avaiable at a reasonable price to give you even more time saving flexibility. I can't imagine anything that this machine won't handle that any other machine of it's design would do. I expect my tools to work for me, I don't work for my tools. This machine is a great tool and a great value. It was everything that I was looking for at at a very reasonable price. I am very happy with my purchase.
I was planning to apply them on curtains. But the curtains ended up so pretty that I don't have to add anything. However, I have applied appliqu&eacute;s on the toy box. It looks very nice....
I decided to go with the Designmaster 2 after comparing its features with the regular Designmaster. The Designmaster 2 features two light bulb sockets for added luminosity versus a single bulb. There are also two magnets that hold your picture to the viewing area plate inside the projector, and I believe the standard Designmaster doesn't have this, but I'm not sure on this.This is a solid product with solid metal components almost throughout the entire assembly including the main housing box, the mounting arm, and the mounting brackets all being metal. It's generally a heavy duty piece of equipment and the weight of the projector as a whole is noticeable. There is a large spring in the arm to help with the ease of vertical adjustment.The brightness is fairly strong for this type of projector compared to other table projectors of the same variety which means it can be used with the lights on in a standard lighted room (unlike the Designmaster I), but it's still much more clear with the lights off. It's easy to use and straightforward. Just open up the projector and put your picture or drawing on the plate inside. The maximum size of your picture to be projected shouldn't be bigger than roughly 6x8. You can fit a bigger picutre into the projector, but the viewable area won't cover too much more than this.RECOMMENDATIONS: This projector gets VERY hot because of the two 250w PHOTO bulbs. I wouldn't leave it on for maybe more than ten to fifteen minutes at a time in order to preserve your bulbs and your picture you put into the projector. Also be aware that the bulbs that come with the projector are a generic, low quality photo bulbs and will need to replaced VERY shortly after purchase. In fact one of the bulbs popped within the first hour of use, but I was warned of this ahead of time and had a new bulb on hand. Keep in mind that you don't necessarily need to use 250w photo bulbs as your standard 200w bulbs are substantially cheaper and easier to find. Using photo bulbs versus regular bulbs isn't necessary either, but recommended if you are trying to get more exact color accuracy.WARNING: Do not touch the bulbs with bare fingers when installing or replacing them. The oil residue from your fingers will actually cause the bulb to break prematurely when it heats up (much the same as a halogen bulb), so either use gloves or a towel of some sort when holding or touching the bulbs.ATTENTION: The mirrored glass that came with my projector had a protective plastic film covering it that is supposed to be removed but was practically impossible to do so. Somehow the plastic film had been exposed to high heat and had partially baked itself onto the glass so that you almost couldn't even scratch it off with a razor blade. After picking at it for almost two hours I called the Artograph customer service 1-800 phone number located on the instruction sheet and the man I talked to was extremely helpful as he knew exactly what was wrong. He took my name and address right there on the spot and sent me a new piece of glass without any further questions on my part. It was a little bit of a hassle, but easily handled.I'm quite satisfied with the Designmaster 2. It's a heavy duty projector, it's easy to use, and basically does what I wanted it to do as a desktop projector. I'm giving it 4 stars only because of the cheap light bulbs and having to wait for the new mirrored glass to arrive (which was relatively painless), but other than that I've been very satisfied with the actual projector.
I have owned one of these for over 10 years. Have been very pleased with the edge it puts on my sewing and utility scissors. Recently I carefully pushed/pulled the little sharpening dowel out with a pair of needle-nose pliers (Just gently wiggle it through the end and then grasp it and pull free). Cleaned it up with a little scrubbing using a powdered cleanser til it was white again. It restored the sharpening ability beautifully! They make great gifts for the beginning sewer or crafter or homeowner you might know. Good little holiday presents!
These were terrible. It took me several minutes just to figure out how they assembled, and by the time I finally got them together, they looked totally disheveled, lopsided, and the lid wouldn't even stay closed! Will be returning this item to the store from which I bought it and trying something else.
I ordered this set three years ago and hardly used it because the leads kept breaking. Some of my pencils a large chunk of the wood came off. I used to love Prismacolor colored pencils when my brother used them. Now I use acrylic paint and gouache paint and the best colored inks instead. I will never buy this brand of colored pencils again. I wasted my money.
Clearly Charming Coca Cola Bottle Cap Italian CharmThe caps are neatly made and so colorful. A very nice selection. They are the best.
My 11 year old daughter is having fun with this and has asked friends to join her to start a quilt business! We have ordered additional kits so she can add to her collection. It helps with their motor skills and is very durable.
I've had this hole punch for a couple years now and have recently replaced it. There is no way this punch will punch through twelve sheets of paper! To prove my point, I just tried it, again, and it did not work. As usual the metal bracket that holds the push lever in place bent away from the body of the hole punch and the punch did not work. I've had to bend it back so many times, I'm certain it's only going to take a few more before the metal bracket breaks. The action is fairly smooth but this punch does take up a lot of storage space. Again, I know you cannot actually punch twelve sheets of 20 pound paper - at least not with the one I have. One nice feature is the sliding bottom tray. You don't have to remove the whole bottom to empty it.
This works great for one layer of fabric - but does not work that well with 2 or more. The pair I purchased seem to be less sharp back towards the handle which quite frankly could just be a defect in my pair. The handles are easy to use - the spring action obviously makes it less fatiguing on your hands. I just wish I could find a pair of pinking scissors that worked on more than one layer, since I use them to cut the ends of new fabric before I wash it; it reduces the fraying that often happens in the wash/dryer.
These scissors are OK - but they're not as good as the ones we got at the dollar store. You get what you pay for, sometimes.
So many blades...They are all sharp, have used 6 already. Damn cheap!, brand is double the price for no reason.One complaint: they are not individually wrapped blades but wrapped as a whole in an anti-corrosion brown paper. Would like to have seen individually wrapped for piece of mind about rusting (they don't look like they will rust, but just for piece of mind) if you will not be using them fast. Mine will be used up long before that.
I thought I was ordering a package of 3 canvases, somehow I wound up with one.I wouldn't have [paid that much shipping for just one.
I'm very sad to see one of my fav online stores messing up like they did, I got my Item in prompt timing but it was scratched and looks to be a display of some kind, this Item needs to be in perfect condition simply because of what its for. I was way too upset to even think about calling them and going through hassle just to get another portfolio. it was on 20$ I know I would have had to clime a mountain to have it replaced.
Doesnt work for me.It gets hot enough, but the trigger doesnt push hard enough for the glue to come out.If I push it with a stick or pencil, that works!!I hate it when I spend money on something with such good reviews and it doesnt work!!!!I guess I got a lemmon!!??Glad to see it works for the rest of the world!! :\To me, its a POS!!
I purchased this gun and after a few months, the batteries quit holding a charge. One battery was never used and it still showed a bad charge. I suspect that the charging unit has gone bad. Not worth getting. I tried contacting [...] to let them know of my situation. The site won't even load up. don't wast your hard earned money on this trash.
Only one 1/8 x 1/8 strip comes in the box. even though the description seems to indicate otherwise. You can purchase a single strip of balsa wood in any hobby shop for less than .50CDO NOT BUY THIS ITEM!
What makes this product so attractive is that by connecting it to a computer you can get an endless amount of embroidery designs. It is also a full feature sewing machine.I bought this item for my wife's birthday. It does everything that is advertised. The sewing functions are straight forward, and everything worked as it should.The embroidery isn't as staight forward. The instructions are very poor, and limited. Although I have to admit, that I figured most of it out fairly quickly. The embroidery is slow, and of course you have to change thread for every color change in your pattern. The designs came out looking good. I also downloaded some free designs from other sites, and they worked just as well.My problem with this machine is two fold. The one we bought broke after only a few hours of use. It was a minor problem. The bobbin holder had a crack where the tension screw goes in. At first everything was fine, but within a few hours the thread started catching in the crack until it was unusable. I'm sure that this won't be a problem for most customers.The second problem is much more severe in my opinion. No one has parts for the machine, and it's near impossible to even get a parts list. One item that doesn't come with the machine that my wife wanted was a zipper foot. The part number for that item was listed in the book, but when I went to find it, absolutely no one had it. I even wrote Singer's part's department, and they wrote back telling me to call.It's a neat machine. As long as you get one that works, and aren't concerned about parts availability, I don't think you can find a better ebroidery machine for less money.
While well-designed in general, this product is incapable of punching holes that are compatible with the Day-Timer "desk" format looseleaf planner system.
very overpriced i think. the wool itself is fine.it arrived on time but was in a huge box filled with plastic bags.
I always considered Singer to have good machines- after all, theyve been around FOREVER! Practically an american trademark no? Well, my hubby bought me this machine for christmas and I loved it at first! Was SO much better than my Pixie I was used to! Weeeeell, not long after I started using it, it started messing up. My stitches were very loose and loopy at the bottom, rethreaded helped sometimes. Adjusting the tension did nothing. Then in the middle of sewing a STRIAGHT LINE I heard a loud CLICK and it stopped sewing. The timing was off. On my brand new sewing machine. Absouletely ridiculous! Definitely NOT an operator error! I was doing nothing different at the time, just sewing a plain straight stitch using a lightweight COTTON material! >.&lt; SO I called Singer and tried to get them to uphold thier 90 day unlimited warranty. No such luck! For them to uphold thier warranty, I would either have to spend $40 to ship it to the nearest warranty center or drive 3 hours to get there! What lousy customer service! Not helpful WHATSOEVER. FUrthermore, I was told it was MY FAULT. 0.o Defintely not my fault.So, I went to return it to Joanns. I was given the run around and after contacting thier headquarters and the local overseer I was able to exchange it for a different machine, same model though as I was convinced it was simply a defect. Nope this one gives me the SAME problems. Same damn things. And its remarkable the thing breask RIGHT AFTER the unlimited warranty expires! I will never buy a Singer machine again. Total crap in my opinion. I now have a Janome Machine on the way after hearing wonderful things about Janome.I learned how to sew at a VERY young age on my grandmothers commercial sewing machines. Then had a machine all growing up that flooded during a hurricane. (Brother machine). This was the first brand I have EVRE had problems with. Im very dissapointed too since I had such high expectations... Its a pretty machine, but all it gave me was frustrations and tears. Not worth it. Definitely NOT WORTH IT.
compared to other products, this one's price is a bit lower, but you have to admit that the paper quality is not high-end. i mean it's not super thick or smooth or gross. but for family use, i think it's a reasonable price choice. usually, i print coupons, recipes, personal documents with this, so i'm fine. but for business use, you might want to look for more decent ones.
This will act like a dye and spread from one little drip even from a dry picture. Will not even come off Child's skin depending on the color. Will bleed and bleed and bleed, but never come out. BE CAREFUL! NOT WASHABLE!
I am having much the same issues as the other reviewers. There is something terribly wrong with the thread, and adjusting the machine tension gives no results. Actually, switching out the thread, fabric, bobbin style, adjusting the bobbin and machine tension all produced no results. It either doen't sew very well, or it tangles and breaks the thread. Granted, we only paid $40 for the machine, but it has gotten very light use, and buying a new machine for simple projects is a huge let down. My advice would be to take the money you were going to spend on this machine, save up a little more, and get something reliable (and with better documentation).
I have had this machine for 1 yr now. I have never had a problem. It sews perfectly. All the settings are awesome. Tons of different options. I love how easy it is to thread the machine. You can change the color of the thread in less than 30 seconds. Some of fav. things about this machine are: It cuts the tread for you, you can set the machine to sew by pushing 1 button, so easy to put spin the thread on the bobbin and my favorite thing is satin stiching. I comes with a open foot so you can see what you are doing. It was very easy to set up the embroidery. I love the embroidery on the machine. Mickey comes out perfectly! The directions on this machine are very easy to understand and read. I would highly recommend this sewing/embroidery machine if you love to sew. I also have the Brother serger lock 1034 D that is a great serger for $199.
Hm. I thought I'd written and submitted a review for this, but it never showed up. I'll try again.This machine and I got off on a bad foot, but overall it's OK.The bad:- included oil bottle leaked all over the accessories compartment during shipping. I took apart and dried off everything I could, but it all still reeks of oil. I'm leery of putting the bottle back in the compartment, 'cause it'd have to go on its side again. This then becomes a storage issue.- bobbin loading didn't work like I thought. I assumed it would pop over when full as other machines I've used do, but instead the &quot;stopper&quot; just sort of almost stops the full bobbin from turning.- drive belt came off during shipping. I was able to remove the small side panel and wiggle my fingers in and get it repositioned (which was relatively easy, thankfully), but opening the plastic casing any more would have required removing all of it, which would have required a very long thin screwdriver that exceeded the contents of my decently-stocked toolbox.- needle threader doesn't line up if the needle is fully seated. However, the needle can be pulled down a fraction of an inch before tightening the screw, and the threader will line up properly.I haven't yet watched the video, but the manual is good and the operations are fairly straightforward if you've used another machine before. Changing stitches and stitch widths is pretty easy and straightforward.The machine isn't very fast even at full speed (my old White was faster), but it gets the job done and there are some handy accessories, including button sewers and buttonholers and a few different specialty feet. I had no problems with the variable-speed pedal control (it's more sensitive than that old White, at any rate).Other people have complained about the plastic body, but it's really just a plastic shell over a metal body, so the core of the thing is sturdy enough without all the extra weight of an all-metal machine (like my old one). The bad thing in my eyes is that the case Amazon recommended to go with this (Singer 611 - you can read my review of that on its product page) is little more than a sturdy dustjacket. I'm used to a case that allows the machine to be integrated in and only the top has to be removed to use the machine, but this combo doesn't get that privilege. The integral carry handle on the machine is pretty nice, though, and actually more comfortable to carry than the case.Overall, not a bad machine. Not a great machine, either, but for the price you get a pretty good amount of functionality.
This scoring blade, as you imagine, requires quite a bit of force and a few round trips to score a card stock (mine is about 275gsm) nicely. That much is expected.When you use this blade, use it with a tabletop trimmer compatible with 45mm rotary blade, and not one of those blade handles. Because of the extra force required, and because the blade is not cutting down into the paper, the blade is very easy to deviate from the ruler guide even if you are very careful. If you use a trimmer, the blade itself travels on the track and it won't deviate.
its what I expected and has help a great deal. More detail instructions on how to use the product effectively would help.
This gun heats nicely but drips constantly and is rather hard to clean up after. The stand is really useless.
UPDATE - I'm downgrading this to two stars...The beads I received are NOT the colors listed! I just went through the entire lot and probably only 3 out of the 25 are as listed...the others are off-colors that I wouldn't have ordered had I know that's what I would be getting in the first place...some people may not know any better but I know my crystal colors. :(I received my order quickly, and I do agree they are not 100% genuine swarovski...you can tell by the color difference, but I'm ok with that based on the price I paid. (You do get what you pay for!)...However, one of the pictures on this item shows each bag labeled by color...I received my order and all the beads were nicely separated but they were not labeled as the seller's picture describes. Again, I'm ok with looking up the colors myself for my organizing containers I use, but don't state that you will have them labeled if you have no intention of doing so. Overall, I would still probably purchase them again.
This sewing machine has never sewed correctly, and I mean NEVER. I took it out of the box and there was a plastic piece broken on the body, requiring me to hold it together with tape in order to use it.Why didn't I just return it like anyone would? Because we bought it, put it directly onto our shipment and then moved to Japan. You can't return stuff like this after it took 3 months to get across the ocean and has outlived its return date before you even know its a piece of junk. Target "customer service" was of no help, despite repeated calls.I have repeatedly tried my best to make it work, and it has eaten fabric after fabric, jammed inexplicably more often than stitched, and has incensed me so frequently as to discourage me from sewing for years and years. After babying it through a straight line of stitching, I am out the door this morning looking to buy a new one. The best value this machine could have brought to me is if I had walked through the door of my house with it, immediately turned and thrown it off my balcony to smash to pieces on the concrete below. That would have definitely provided a better value. Don't waste your money. I will NEVER buy from Shark again, no matter the product.Update:As all other machines I have access to here in Japan are rated badly as well, I have tried again and again with this one - it still jams incessantly, but I have found there are 3 typical places where the thread tends to slip out of line, no matter how perfectly you thread it. If you are lucky, you can catch it ASAP after a jam starts and before it rips the fabric. You just have to baby it, baby it, baby it, but I have finally gotten the feel of it enough to get through some projects despite the high number of jams. Good luck. I would still never recommend this machine to anyone - the one good thing about it is that the innards are metal instead of plastic, so at least this machine will be jamming up for much longer than other plastic machines sitting at the same price point. At best, this will be become a back-up machine as soon as possible for me.
I bought this machine since it was cheap and I am just learning to sew. It was VERY easy to set up and start sewing and I have experimented with a few stiches already. (straight, zig zag etc)The only thing I dont like about it is that there is no easy way to lift the machine to take to class. Right now I lift it awkwardly and place it in a large heavy cloth bag, (will probably need to buy a case). I wish they had designed a handle on this one on the top..
This rock tumbler was a complete waste of money and time. Yes time.....no where on the box does it say you need a full month to complete the tumbling process. It is loud and anoying and I could hear clear on the other side of the house. After anticipating great results we were extremely disappointed. The rock came out smoother yes......but dull, dull, dull. If you child loves rocks so much like my child go buy a bag of pre-polished rocks for about $5 somewhere.
arrived on time, however i was really disappointed that about 1/4th of the chalk was broken, quite a few to the point that they were unusable. there is a notice within the box that says that are not responsible for broken chalk because they "properly package" it to greatly prevent it from happening... well my chalk was only put inside of a boz with a poorly inflated bag, and it still had a whole bunch of room to slide around during shipping. besides that, the chalk works as i hoped. I have black hair with some blond in it and it worked well in both.
If you are not an experienced sewing machine operator, prepare yourself to be frustrated. The video is somewhat useful but it rushes through the settings and the booklet is totatlly worthless. Besides...YOU WILL NEED A SEPARATE SEWING MACHINE for regular stitching, this one doesn't do any of the traditional stitches!!!
I received the packet and it is of the poorest quality. I ordered it for printing my offical documents and keeping for long term. This is a waste of money. i did not use even a single paper our of the ream. Paper is too thin. Also the picture of item displayed on amazon does not match with the item shipped. I would never recommend it to anyone for any kind of use.
I ordered this card last week and received it over the weekend. I went to install it and was having problems. It wasn't until I went to the brother website that I learned you are NOT supposed to put the included disc in your computer if you have vista. NO WHERE in the advertising or package did it say this. I understand that vista is quite new but Amazon should make sure those who purchase this need to go to the website to upload the upgraded file for vista.
Sewing machine is lightweight, easy to use and so far has handled the different types of materials I have sewed with no problems. The built in light has a lot to desire, the first time I used the machine I thought the light had burnt out and learned the light is just very dim. The needle threader is nice for people with difficult seeing the eye of the needle. Would buy this product again/
I am surprised about these scissor, from all the good reviews. They are big and bulky, and not good for precision cutting of paper at all. And it makes my hand hurt to use them unless you do small cuts a million times, and that takes forever to cut something out. Must be good for someone else but not for me. I am an art teacher and am cutting things out frequently, especially around holiday time.
While still lacking "something" this is by far the best teen collection I've looked at. Tons of great ideas.
Rubber rather thin, limp, and squishy but adequate protection and grip if that is what you need. Major problem for me is sizing --- I have small hands (about 6" from wrist to middle finger tip) and neither skinny nor fat fingers and could have fit two of my thumbs in the thumb and the smallest size was still too big for my other fingers. So, depends on your finger size whether this will work for you or not.
I purchased 6 of these and had to return 4, and the other two were defective. I am very sad about this product.
I was excited about this item but it clogs easily and is not as well made as I would have liked. The line quality is nice but a regular fountain pen would have provided more control and they do not clog up as easily.
It didnt work for my black jacket so i will prefer to buy something different brand. i spend about 24 hours.to get it dry
Thick and goopy, doesn't mix/blend well, doesn't spread well over paper. Not recommended for large projects; might work better for smaller pieces.
I like this maching but the manual leaves a lot to be desired. Has anyone ever tried to use the alphabet or numbers?? I can get an embroidery hoop, as suggested, under the needle. Any help???
I am so pleased with my new Dritz dress form. Amazon's shipping and handling process is as always just excellent. I never have any doubt about ordering from Amazon.I am a 'weekend' sewer and I have never had a dress form before. Happily, I was not disappointed when I had her all put together. With the aid of the Fabulous Fit fitting system she now looks just like me (but younger...sigh). I have just finished using her to put together my first, ever, perfect fitting dress. Her directions were easy to read and to follow and now that she is standing up I find that she takes pins well and I can drag her all over the house without her collapsing in tears. She seems sturdy enough for just about anything I will ever want to use her for.I would recommend this dress form to anyone like me who sews for pleasure.
I am disappointed! I have used Fiskars for years. The blade popped off when I used them to cut poster board. I thought the blade and handle would be one solid piece, but they are just attached to handles with plastic.
A piece of junk. I installed the battery and is no power. I'm thinking may be Home Ease the manufacturer put the battery directions wrong so I try 20 different ways to put the battery. I brought it to Radio Shack to purchase the a/c adaptor and still not work. No power supply go in. The machine can not turn on. I contact the seller. He said that only return my money for the cost of the product no shipping cost. Then I have to pay the shipping to return the product. So instead of I already lost $11.00 Now I would loose $16.00. So that I did not return it and I threw in the dumpster. This machine is made by Home Ease. It's painful. I have try so many hours and methods to make it work. Still no power. It gave me a lot of stresses and headaches. A piece of junk. This product is not deserve one star since we don't have one star on the review :(
I was a little disappointed in this book because of the limitations in sizing. Although it is well presented, some of the projects are elementary enough that you can figure them out for yourself. But the two girls I was going to get the book for, one is an XS and the other is XL, there wasn't much in the book for either of them. And not a lot of direction on how to alter a pattern. "Teen Knitting Club" implies that is for ages 13-19 and there are quite a range of sizes in those years.
I was really thinking it would work, rinky dink as it was. At first it seemed to but it would not sew a stitch. It moved but that is it. I felt it was safe for my daughters first machine. It was more than safe... Unfortunate that it is not even worth the $14 low sticker price. I would rather they made it sturdier and charged more. I got her a bobbin type, crossing my fingers that the Bratz machine is better...
Took a little while to learn how to use this machine, but it's my first machine. It's great once you get used to it.
Pros:Cheap, very nice feel, smooth finish, many different sizes. Did not catch yarn.Cons:Cheap. The tip of one of the smaller ones snapped barely halfway into a project.Bottom line:You get what you pay for. I do not recommend buying this product.
Very small amount of wood. The product is way overpriced for the amount of wood in the bag. Very disappointed.
I bought this for my 5-year old granddaughter. When it arrived the ink was dry, and even adding water didn't help. There is also no lid on the kit for ease of storage. Usually I love everything by Melissa & Doug, but this was not up to par. Very disappointing.
I have been looking all over the web for these 8 x 8 refill pages for my niece. This is the only place I have found them. Thanks so much for having them!
One of the blade vices was defective and would not secure the blade. Would have been better to buy the product locally for easy return.
Fast ship, nice price, love the razor sharp scissors. Rotary cutter gets dull fast, mat is not a self healing mat. Good beginning set, but if you plan on using this every day go for a better brand.
I bought this for my daughter last year for xmas and we got to play with it about twice before it fell apart.I really liked the idea of the pattern designs especially for my then 2 year old who just likes to paint mush lol. when we used the rollers to make the square designs it really didn't work. when the paint was on the roller it didn;t roll very well. I tried to dilute the the paint with water so the roller would work better but the sponges just didn't hold up.
Just the right sizes for my daughter's sewing needs. Easy to store in her small apartment. The cutting and measuring lines are easy to read.
I have had this for 2 years now, and it has been very useful in creating quick gifts, mainly scarves, for my friends and my daughters friends. It does take a few tries, and I have only used the Lion Brand furry yarn. But once I got the hang of it, I like it. I have a large, expensive Toyota knitting machine that I have put away because of space issues. Even though it is a fine piece of equipment, the product was only as good as the patience and technique of the operator. I had to take lessons on it before I could use it to its full capacity. So for the price and the size, I was very impressed with this little knitting machine.
Bought this Singer Serger NEW, from the Viking/USEW center in Joann's January 2008. I have 30 Years sewing experience and am a ASG member.This machine has been horrendous. I gave it a try, thought it was a good price, it was on sale, and with the present economy was hoping it would be a good buy. Save Your MONEY and BUY A Better BRAND! You are going to want to pay the few extra dollars and go with something better. After numerous trips to MANY Joanne stores, this has been used once!For a first timer you will be so frustrated , it will turn you off Sergers!I am trading it in for a Huskavarna or Babylok
Recieved first shipment with almost half of the order which was 3 boxes points falling out of box returned and ordered a new batch. Same problem not as much fell out but there is a problem with how they were packed.They were just thrown in a box no padding or packing material to keep the boxes from banging around and opening to where the points started falling out of the boxes.
Great quality punch - but advertised as FULLY adjustable. The 7 punch heads are adjustable within 3 areas. If your punch needs are in between those areas you're out of luck. Should be listed as semi-adjustable.Won't work for me.
I bought this punch the other day because I thought it was a cool idea.I have several thumb punches and they work well and fairly easily. This one is difficult to use. It cuts through, but you really have to push quite hard on it. I also discovered that the flower never fully punches out because there are two notches on opposite sides of each other.After some research I discovered that the notches allow the flower to be folded over for a 3D effect. If the flower is to be used on its own, then it has to be punched out the rest of the way by hand. Not a problem, as long as you know that's what you're supposed to do.That info. should be stated on the package.
Comparison with Darice heating tool:Darice: long thin tube shape, very hot, very LOUD and BLOWS strong. Pro: cheap, works well on large shrink bags.Cons: LOUD, Blows too strongly, making it difficult to use glitters, embossing powders. Even the cardstock items slide around too much with the wind generated by my Darice tool.Ranger Heat it Tool: shaped like a small hair dryer, quiet, gentle. Pro: Quiet. Of the heating tools I have used, this is the quietest. Heats quickly and melts embossing powders and shrink plastic well. Does not generate a strong wind, only a gentle breath so glitters and papers do not fly. The shape of the unit is comfortable to hold. Con: Cost. More expensive than other heat tools I have used.Like most heating tools (hair dryers, paint strippers, embossing tools, etc) the first couple times you use the tool it may smoke and make a burning smell. It is normal as the extra oil on the motor is burned off. Kinda smells a bit and may be a bit scary. But this stops. and from that point on the unit works as advertised. The Heat It tool is a joy to work with and worth the price.
If there stars is average, like a C in the classroom, then these are a D+ , C- !I dremel tool spins at a high rate, 20,000 rmps + , you need a balanced bit on the end of it! These do not meet that, it is a very simple device, a sleeve that fits over a rubber drum that is expanded via two washers and a bolt that buldge out the rubber drum to create a good, snug fit.First - the rubber drum has a hole that is off center, not by much, and the hole is too big. When you slide the madrel in the rubber drum there is play, as you tighten the screw to expand the rubber, the drum will move around and not tighten up, once you turn the screw with tremendous force the rubber will tighten, but it is out of balance, the drum when placed in the dremel tool vibrates a lot - it makes a buzzing sound that is caused by the eliptical orbit of the drum.good news - after fighting it a while, that is one of the ten drums for 20 minutes, I got it to get more or less in the center....still buzzes but it does sand.the sleeves seem to be well made, the rubber and hole alignment are the part that is frustrating.I will report back once I use the drums at length.Update:several of the drum sleeves have failed already. Once they get a little warm, they start to split and come apart.
Although I love the color selection and the look of the product, each pencil breaks, must be re-sharpened and then breaks off again after just a short use.
This hole punch barely does 5 pages at a time, and it's actually difficult to insert the pages into the slots. I had to look carefully every time I put paper in to make sure the sheets were fully in. Also, the first few times I used it, the hole punch would miss the middle hole and only the top and bottom would be punched. I had an old hole punch that was so easy to use. Sadly I lost that one, so thought this would be a good substitute - I was wrong! I'm surprised there are 20 5-star reviews. Btw, I am a grad student and have used a hole punch a lot in my lifetime, and this one was terrible!
I bought this machine from Joann's and it wouldn't sew a tight stitch at ALL. The seam would pull apart, revealing about 1/2 inch of thread (on the OUTSIDE of the garmet). I played with the tension for hours but it didn't do any good.On top of that, the light bulb started flickering about 30 minutes into sewing (no, not sewing. . . "trying" to sew). Eventually the light just went out. If you tapped the side of the machine where the light is, it would flicker on for a split second before going out again.So, I took the machine back for an exchange. This one actually sews quite well. . . but the light went out after about 30 minutes. What's worse is that the manual says NOTHING about how to replace the light. I unscrewed the casing where the bulb is, but the bulb appears to be BUILT INTO the machine. It's not like any bulb on a sewing machine that I've ever seen!I wrote Singer an email, asking how I'm supposed to change the light. . . waiting on a reply. I'd stay away from this machine for a while. I've a feeling they're going to be put on recall soon.
We ordered 7 of these machines for our school sewing class, and each machine is in use approximately 1-2 hours per week. Upon receipt, one of the machines would not work, and we received a replacement. We have now been using the machines for about 6 weeks, and have consistently had problems with the bobbin casing dislocating and causing the needle to jam or break. The sewing instructor, who has extensive sewing experience, used the word temperamental to describe them and said that they are a nightmare for the frustrated students attempting to learn to sew. They were reasonably priced, but I guess you get what you pay for.
I bought this to iron on a plain white shirt for myself to wear on my wedding day. Well I followed the directions and it did not turn out so great! The stones did not all transfer on to the shirt!!! So I was not happy and did not wear it that day after all.
This item would work for 2-3 mm pearls, but not for what I intended it's use (7-8mm) If the item had been discribed I could have avoided the bother of ordering then returning. If the manufacturer added at least one more pearl it might be big enough.
I love the colors and it gives you plenty of room. However, if you put heavier stuff in the drawers they tend to fall out of the slots. I do have one drawer that no matter what i put in it, it will not stay on the track. It tends to be wobbly too. If you are using it for light storage its fine. However, i bought it to store my makeup in and the drawers arent durable enough for some of my palettes and powder compacts.
Punch needle seem to be quite complicated, this one is really thick so didnt work for my girlfriend, we bought another one that looks like a pencil and you can find if you look for punch needles in youtube.Its easier with the youtubes punch needle because we can apply all instructional videos!No punch needle brings instructions!
This is a good buy because it comes with a lot of stencils. I am disappointed there aren't any basic shapes (circles, square, star).
I bought these to use for photography, it will work fine for what I want, and I'll likely purchase at least one more to make sure because of the good price, but the edges of the paper were damaged from how it was packaged. It was shipped in a small box just big enough. I'll update after purchasing the second roll.
I wear lab coats at work and the buttons are always popping off. This sounded like a really great idea but it just doesn't work. I was unable to even get even one button attached so I'm not sure how durable the fix would be should you be lucky enough to get the button attached.
I was directed to this company by Carhart after telling them their rain jacket had lost its water repellency. I followed the directions to a &#34;Tee&#34;, but I still got wet in the next rain storm. I called Nikwax, they agreed I did everything correctly, and they're sending me more product. If that doesn't work, they said to send them the garment and they will analyze it. This was a two part process using their special wash. Kinda disappointing after spending $25.00 on a 3 year old $130.00 Carhart rain jacket
I bought four of these stands to hold each of my four new vinyls from the artist Paramore. They are definitely sturdy enough, but they could be improved. They appear to be hand painted, but that's not a good thing all the time. The paint is easily chipped and the hinges are painted over. In addition, the coat of paint is not even everywhere, and on the bottom of the stand there are bumps of dried paint, like frozen drops of water hanging from a fence. These are a pretty good value though, and I would recommend them to anyone on a budget looking for this type of stand.
I bought this Item for my nine year old Grandaughter for Christmas. The only thing it did for her was make her feel bad about herself. I decided to give it a try. I told her it wasn't her fault- the strings aren't long enough and very flimsy and stretchable. Patents don't waste your money, It will never look like the picture and your child will just be disappointed.
After buying the Alex "Draw in the TubDraw In The Tub Crayons (6)" crayons a few times, we wanted to give the one by Edushape(Edushape Bath Crayons) a shot. Instead of writing a review of both of them, I thought Ill write a comparison between the two to help other customers pick the one that suits them the best.1. The "Draw in the Tub" crayons come in two versions although the product description doesn't say so. The cheaper one does come with the sponge ducky cleaner while the expensive one does. The crayons in the expensive packRub a Dub Draw In The Tubare longer resulting in more crayon write and playtime for the kid. The Edushape crayons are pretty small- about the size of the cheaper Alex version. The ducky sponge cleaner is good to have but once you have one, no point in going for the expensive pack.2. Both crayons come off relatively easily- "relative" being the key word. If its erased soon after bath time, it comes off quickly without leaving a mess. If allowed to stay on, it gets harder to remove- occasionally warranting a bathtub cleaner. The Edushape crayons are a trifle harder to clean if you allow them to stay on for a day compared to the Alex version.3. The biggest grouse I have with the Edushape one is that it crumbles pretty quickly compared to the Alex version. Both sets of crayons are designed for no more than a couple of days of use but when dropped and allowed to stay in a mug of water (yep, my toddler loves doing that), the Edushape crayons disintegrated fairly quickly.4. Both sets of crayons come with 6 colors and they last one to two showers. No more than that. The bigger Alex crayons last for 3-4 days.5. The packaging for both brands is deceptive in that the crayon holder is significantly longer than the crayon itself. The crayon holder is also pretty useless in holding the crayon intact. Not sure whats the real point behind the crappy holder design for both products.6. A minor quibble with the Edushape crayons is that two of the colors- purple and yellow are so light that it requires special lighting to be spotted on a cream/white tub. I wish they chose darker colors instead.Note that I plan on putting up the same review for Edushape crayons since this is a comparison.Overall, both products are less than satisfactory but given the choices or lack of it in this segment, one gets to choose either of the two and go with it. I wish there was a third brand that truly created better bath crayons for kids. Seeing how much my toddler enjoys it, I would gladly pay more for a better product!
The Case is a big cheap plastic case that will fit almost any size sewing machine because it is NOT unique to any brand. I do not know why they even call it a Brother case.I bought it for my Brother 2600i since it does not come with one. The 2600i rattles around in there...I have to put old fabric in there to position and cushion it. The sewing machine still floats to one side making it awkward to carry since it is side heavy.Overall- it is a Hard Case to store your sewing machine. The inside plastic Cards that are suppose to cover the latch rivets fall out and are useless.I have not seen anything better on Amazon so I am keeping it... but it is nothing t get excited about.If Brother actually came out with a custom case that held my sewing machine - like the SC6000 does (which comes with it fro free) I would leave this case in a minute. I should have just bought that sewing machine for that reason alone!
I used this for my thumb and in the first hour of using it the top ripped. I made sure to get the larger size and it fits great, it functions great but it does not hold up.
I have to sew, and I bought this machine as a back up for when my dinosaur needed to go to the doctor for tune ups. I used it for less than 2 hours, and it broke. The repair, $75.00 later, and no kidding, 10 minutes into it's second use, it broke again. Same problem. I am not a novice. This was light duty stuff, not sewing tents. I was making bags to wrap Christmas Presents in. I'm devastated that Singer, a household name for sewing, has sold out to make a dollar, instead of doing what is right. Shame on your Singer! Don't buy this product, or any other Singer unless you want an anchor for your fishing boat!
I could not get the glass to cure per the instructions of glue the glass and then go outside in the daytime for the UV to make it cure. I didn't have a bright sunny day but it was partly cloudy and the glass would not cure quickly enough and made the process very difficult.
As always these OLFA mats are great. They are expensive -- especially as they get larger. I have two of the 2'x3' ones and taped them together on the bottom. Works great.
The art tube works as described. It will not collapse easily, but it is pretty thin so it could crush if one is not careful.
The beads were shipped VERY quickly and were as described. The beads are of varied size, and the colors were perfect for my project.
These scissors came as a set with other Oxo items and while the other items (cheese grater, vegetable peeler, ice cream scoop, and jar opener) functioned as they suppose to, the scissors has become a frustrating experience. For example, the red locking clip that keeps the scissors closed (scissor is based on a spring lock system) has not functioned properly and cutting anything has become a vexing challenge.
This machine worked fine for about a year. I'm now having problems with the stitching tangling and breaking. Have tried various needles, threads, tension settings and I can't figure out how to get through a sewing project without the thread constantly breaking and tangling. My conclusion is that it's cheaply made. My previous machine, a 1970's Kenmore, lasted me over 30 years.
I found myself having to use two hands just to get the glitter glue out of the bottle. It was next to impossible to use it to spell a name for example or draw a picture. My six year old likes it because once I get on paper she can paint with it one of her paintbrushes.
Thick and goopy, doesn't mix/blend well, doesn't spread well over paper. Not recommended for large projects; might work better for smaller pieces.
I had problems right away until I read the directions and saw that you must use the enclosed plastic bobbins and not my own metal ones. It worked beautifully with the plastic bobbin in place.I bought a low end brother machine 20 yrs ago that came broken. The manufacturer replaced it and the 2nd one had the same problems. I lost interest in sewing because it was such a hassle to wrestle with the thread and never be able to finish a project or make anything that looked nice finished.I've been sewing simple seams with a machine that was basically a toy. It was time for a real machine but I hesitated to buy another because of my past experience.Wal-Mart had this machine on sale for $69 so I finally bought one.It seems to be quite an improvement from my first machine but from the wide ranging reviews on this page and my own personal past experience, I think you either get a working machine or you don't.If you didn't get a working one, its under warranty so keep giving it back till they get you one that works. But make sure you're using the plastic bobbin first.I wonder if my machine from 20 yrs ago would have worked with a plastic bobbin?
I recently purchased the item, used it twice without a problem on the third use the hole puncher broke! I would not recommend this product to anybody .
this was a fun toy at first. My daughter was very excited to use it and make fun crafts. but after the first couple of stiches everything got jumbled up and nothing worked. we finally got the thread untangled but after that it just didnt work. my daughter was very disapointed. and now the $50 that we payed for a barbie sewing machine is sitting in our closet, broken. It may be fun for younger children, as a pretend sewing machine, but if u really want to learn, dont get your hopes up with this toy!
Quake Hold is simply a slightly tackier silly putty - very slightly to be precise. It handles exactly the same way meaning it is stringy and pliable, you need to spend quite some time breaking it up into small pieces to secure larger objects. The packaging is simply a paper sleeve with the product flattened out on wax paper. Once you start to pull this stuff apart for usage, it is hard to get any extra product back into the package. Not a huge deal, but why they didn't include a simple container is beyond me. The real issue here for me was that the amount you get is a bit stingy - yes you can spread this stuff out, but notice how the description does not give you the actual amount included? That is because the other similarity to silly putty is that is about how much you get. As for its holding ability - things such as medium to large vases or bowls will still move if you do anything but bump them lightly. Only very light items will stay tightly secured and only then with copious amounts of product and fiddling. Also, it is re-usable but after a while hair and dust drastically drop its tackiness and if you drop it on a carpeted floor - forget about it. It gets the job done, but it definitely has room for improvement. Too bad they didn't go the whole distance in copying silly putty and just give you an egg to hold it in which would make storing it a whole lot easier. I think a good two sided tape pretty much beats this hands down.
I got these for a friend who paints. She was thrilled with their quality and the fact that the canvas is stapled in the back since she likes to paint around to the edge fairly often.
Sulky thread is my favorite thread - it has a wonderful texture when the work is completed, and I often get compliments on my completed pieces which I am sure at least partially can be attributed to this wonderful thread.It is easy to work with and does not get torn easily. I use it for both quilting and embroidery as the top thread (using another matching in color thread in the bobbin to cut down on overall cost).This is one of my favorite vari-light colors, the shades of yellow-to-brown blend beautifully. It makes wonderful fall leaves color in my art quilts!
As I said, this protects the screen, but there's no real glare reduction as I'd hoped for. fit my hp pavilion dv6 very well. pain to put on, DEFINITELY need TWO people.
Received this product today. The direct application of the surface to hardboard is a great idea, and in the event of errors, all but the darkest colors can be washed away.I just don't like the surface. It has an unpleasant feel during application, and wastes color. If you examine the enlargement of the surface, what look like tiny dots are like exploded bubbles of an epoxy-like material. It's rather like trying to apply pastel to 80 grit sand paper.
Took me some time to get around to it, but once I got it out of the box it was easy peasy... The 2 CDs were quite inspiring and helpful. Threading was intimidating, at first, but that is only temporary. It's easier than I thought.Would recommend it as a first machine as there are so many uses for it, and it's EASY to learn on.- L.E.
my kids have shown a super interest in play dough the last few months. I have been purchasing items to help them play and explore. I have a 4 yr old and 3 yr old twins. I put these tools out with the others and they showed no interest. I tried to show them how they could use them, but they prefered other items they had to choose from. Not sure why....I though they were fun!
Unfortunately, this is not forest green. It's a dusty, washed out, unimpressive teal. I had to get rit dye remover to "undo" the damage. Normally Jacaquard colors are pretty accurate and rich. This was awful.
The sewing machine cover was rather cheaply made; the sides are not sturdy and the cover feels inadequate for the job. I'm using it on a cheap machine so I won't be disappointed if the clasp or body fails.
I bought a vest for concealed carry recently from amazon and the colour was OD Green (light olive green), which was advertised as dark green. It would have cost me more to return the product so I used DARK BROWN to dye the light green a darker green. I found the review on how to use the dye to be really helpful (heating in a crockpot). Since I didn't have a crock pot that fit this tactical vest (2.2 pounds = 4 packages needed), I used my stainless steel sink.Here are the adjustments I made to use this dye in your sink:1. Heat the recommended amount of water (500mL/package) just to the point of boiling in a normal soup pot2. Once at a near boil, lower heat to simmer and add all the dye you want to use3. Mix until dissolved4. Add recommended amount of salt (5 tbsp/package; measure before heating water)5. Mix until dissolved6. Plug sink and add dye*7. This is the most concentrated your dye will be so if you want a dark colour try to get all the dye to soak into your fabrics before adding more water. Turn pockets inside out and make sure the dye is in all of the fabric, letting all sides of your fabric to absorb the dye (15min)8. If your fabric is not completely covered by dye, add HOT water until the fabric is MOSTLY covered and not completely covered (you want to use as little water as possible to have a higher concentration of dye)9. Move around fabric and put it in different positions, if folded, every 10-15 min for an hour.10. If water get cold, ring your fabric in the soup pot you used and reheat the dye and add it back to the sink11. Put clothes on hanger and hang on shower head. turn COLD water on low pressure so the shower head water trickles down to your clothes and you can squeeze it until the water running through your fabric is relatively clear12. wash clothes in cold water for a few washes and you're good to go!
It's too bad I didn't read carefully enough to find out that this book is smaller than what I'd expected! Also, the 'peeling adhesive' bit on the front of the sketchbook would suggest that the actual sketchbook cover is pure black, and that a giant sticker is covering it. Nope; that's the cover! It's made out of lightweight cardboard, so I guess I can paint over it to fix that problem. =) Unfortunately, the pages are a little too thin to my liking.I still think it's a pretty good deal for the price (I got mine for around 5 dollars). It'll have to do for now.
I've been sewing for many years, and when my Viking quit working I researched for several weeks to find a reasonably priced and good quality machine. The reviews on this Brother were mostly good, and for how I use it (making clothes for my granddaughter and her doll)it sounded like it was just what I needed. I've been using it daily for 3 weeks, and don't have a single complaint. I love the self threading feature and the start button. The buttonhole maker works like a charm, the decorative designs I've used so far give the clothes a really nice touch and are so easy to use. My thanks to all who put in their reviews, helping me make a good choice!
The paper has a nice tooth and is fairly absorbent, and keeping it on the block until the paint has dried ensures that your painting doesn't warp. Getting the paper off of the block can be a little tricky without scissors or an exacto knife, but that is to be expected. My only complaint is that the paper block separated from the cardboard that it was mounted to so that the actual paper block is loose inside the green cover. Not a big deal, just a nuisance.
This hole punch was a grave dissapointment. First, don't expect to punch more than 4 sheets of paper at a time. Secondly, there is no way to make a hole in the center punch. I don't know another reason to need a 7-hole punch except to add pages to a daytimer . . . I still have to punch one hole manually because there is a gap in the middle where you cannot add a hole punch.
The ink was pretty dried up upon arrival. It was surprising because the ink pads have a plastic lid. The stamps are cute, though, and a good size for little toddler hands. We'll be keeping the stamps but looking for different ink pads.
I needed something that wasn't an eye sore for my Cricut. I wanted this to be in our sunroom, so out in the open for our company to see. When I found this online, i had to have it! I found it at Fleet Farm for $119. My husband assembled it in under an hour. He commented that this was the sturdiest piece of furniture that he has ever put together...and we have assembled a lot. He said all the pieces matched up, so there was no wiggling to try to make things work. So for $119, this is MORE than worth the money. The shelf on the bottom in the middle section, is a PERFECT fit for my cricut when i want it put away. the little storage bins on the door, fit two cartridges in each section. i think there are 4 sections on each shelf. the shelves on the right side, are perfect for paper. if you are tight on space and need a desk for a cricut....this is a MUST HAVE! it's like it was made for it. way to go Sauder!!
Knife scores Lexan but needs 5 to 10 passes before the Lexan breaks off. I used a cut off wheel on a multi tool to make the smooth cut.
This product is a joke! I'm trying to fix my glass coffee table with metal leg, it says need 24 hrs to dry, I left it more than 48 hrs, it's no bond at all, I don't care they cheat me few dollars but wast my time! Don't buy it.
I'm a firm believer in that reviews are written by unhappy and unsatisfied people. When you got home from a nice dinner, you didn't race to the computer with joy to write a beautiful review for your local establishment, so I just want to start out by saying that I am obviously not the latter. I ordered the embossers after reading the reviews and wondering just how hard could it be to get it right?! I was sadly mistaken. I ordered this as a gift and thank goodness I ordered it two months in advance! I got the 1st order (please keep count) relatively fast but it was wrong, I order black, not silver. When I called the number, the girl answering wasn't very pleasant and told me to keep the plates and that they would send me out the new 'black' embossers. After about two weeks I emailed the girl about when it was sent out and she sent me the UPS receipt for the first one I ordered. Very on top of things. When I finally did receive the 2nd order...(AUGH!) They were black all right, but about 2 inches smaller than the ones I ordered, so the plates she told me to keep didn't even fit because they were for the wrong one! I called her and she told me that they would start ALL OVER! and resend me everything. I made her assure me that they would be for the original size that I ordered, in black and that the plates would fit. She assured me everything would be fine. I emailed her a few days ago, again wondering where the embossers might be and got a confirmation that they would be arriving today....they did...(3rd Order) and I am here to inform you that they plates are right, they are in the color black like I had originally ordered yet they are the mini size. Just peachy. I'm seriously exhausted in dealing with her/them. I did email her today telling her that I was slightly disappointed. Her email back said that she's sorry but they black ones are smaller now, manufacturer of course. Kind of wish she would have told me that before, I probably would have kept the silver ones. And now I don't have any more time to be messing around with it since the birthday is coming up soon. If you're interested in purchasing, please make sure you have months to wait to make sure it's right. But I do have to say on a lighter note. The embosser is a very good quality and it embosses nicely. Worth the hassle again though... probably not.
I received my box of 6 lbs of wooden pieces yesterday. It was a long wait, because on top of everything else we had a winter ice storm! I was very pleased with the order, though.I needed a room divider in a dollhouse, and there was a piece of wood that served that need well. There was also a piece that can stand well for my black dog--it's a black animal about the right size for the dolls and house.The pieces are, as stated on the site, this and that, assorted. Some were painted, some were not. The more I looked through them, the more I thought, "I'm likely to use this...and this...and this..."I ordered another set. I restrained myself from ordering two more right now. Maybe later. Can't wait to see what pieces come next time.
Was hoping for small frames meant for hanging, not standing on a shelf, as I find the &#34;stand&#34; gets in the way of proper hanging alignment. These frames, unfortunately, have the stand and therefore will be returned.
Noodler's bulletproof black ink is great for those looking for a true, deep black ink at an exceptional per ounce price.
I needed this for a project and thought it looked perfect. I got it in a timely manner and the cover was great. Really pretty and just as cool as the picture looked. I liked the smell and texture of the pages. The only thing for me was that the texture makes it very hard to write on the pages and anything but a ballpoint pen bleeds badly. If you want it to mostly paste things into then definitely get it, but not the best for a diary.
I purchased this machine about a week ago and it came in the mail 5 days ago. According to the reviews it is presented as a pretty good machine for the cheap price. But as the saying goes...You get what you pay for...after hooking up the machine and sewing on it for 2 days.This machine is re-packaged headed back to the "refund' Department. It sews very hard (not smooth) the thread was bunching up and getting caught. The worst part was trying to sew a standard pair of jeans and the needle broke. Then after switching to a heavier needle, the machine kept reading "error". If you have very light weight things to sew with cheap fabric then this could be a good machine. If you like to take in or reconstruct store ready garments then PLEASE save your money and invest in something a litle more durable. This machine received 3 stars because it has some cool features (computerized features) like sewing without the foot pedal, one-touch needle button....the machine is cheaply made and you can tell this by the weight and the accessories of the machine. Not durable at all. I went yesterday and purchased a Viking 116 machine and the differences between the Viking (top of the line) and this Brother machine aren't even comparable.
I have high index, no line bifocal, polycarbonate (not glass) lenses -- Variluxe Comfort lenses to be exact -- and they cost about $450 new. I was told I needed new lenses by the optician. I used a Q-tip to coat the lenses with Armour Etch as instructed by the other reviewers -- I had to do it 3 times, let them sit about 30 minutes each time, then rinse with warm water, but the anti-reflective coating ultimately came completely off with warm water and some softsoap -- pretty easy. It didn't remove all of the scratches on my lenses, but without the coating, the scratches are fewer and far less bothersome to see through. Just saying -- it worked for me. Thanks to all the other reviewers for the help!
My daughter needed good paper scissors for her job. These were among several she tried. She kept these and liked them.
I use them for cutting leather. They work very well. The finger loops could be a bit larger. I would recommend these to friends.
I've tried a good few sketchbooks, and love the feel of the paper in this one. It feels very smooth and allows for very smooth shading with pencil with no visible texture. The only thing I would urge Bienfang to improve would be adding a harder piece of cardboard as the back cover so it would be easier to use in the field. I can't use this one while (for example) sketching in a park because it bends under it's own weight. It needs to be placed on a flat surface instead of on your knee / etc. Otherwise, it's fantastic quality paper.The paper weight is somewhat light though so you can see the next page through the sheet. When I need to scan a drawing into the computer I just place a regular piece of paper behind the sheet I am scanning and that solves that.
I have owned several of these for many years now. They are THE BEST pocket-size magnifier I have ever used. The image is clear and truely magnified. The design is very practical, ensuring a great look every time. Place the longest point of the clear plastic edge on the item you wish to view Or place it on the table if your item is very small. (The picture show it sitting flat on the clear plastc--you will want to raise the shorter side off of the table) Put your eye right on the eyepiece. Couldn't be easier and with 20x magnification, you will be pleased with the results! We use it out in the field to examine rocks, small insects, and to help give a positive I.D. for the monarch butterfly eggs on milkweed.
Love this yarn. Very good for my baby charity but ---- I ordered white and got pink. How this can happen is way beyond my reasoning. I rechecked order and yes I ordered white but the sub company CV Retail,LLC in Bay City, Mi. sent pink yarn. Am not returning as I figure if they can't read & are color blind, they would surely mess up a return. Be aware you may not get what you order. Thoroughly disappointed!!!!
Some of the screws wouldn't go all the way in, but they don't stick out enough to scratch my daugher. The screws are in the back so you can't see them either. It is definetly at toddler table. It is very short, but it is really cute. It is pretty sturdy for as light as it is. Not a bad buy.
These are very sharp, but try and cut anything with any thickness and the grips break as they are not nearly as strong as the blades...
This is a great product. I use it for so many things. It is strong, but folds well. I would recommend it.
I thought I was getting myself a real gem based on reviews I'd read, unfortunately I was wrong. I have owned this machine for just under 2 mos and it's already having issues w/the lower bobbin. I called Brother and though helpful w/troubleshooting, we couldn't fix the problem and I was instructed to take it to the closest service center which unfortunately is 36 miles away...would not really recommend this machine based on this experience.
These needles are perfect for any machine, I have a Phaff and I have 2 Brother machines and they work excellent on all machines.
These were not as sticky as I thought they would be. I post magazine scraps in my sketchbooks and the pages keep coming loose. I thought these were supposed to be stronger than the kids glue, hence the higher price?
I'm a novice sewer, so perhaps my experience is not typical of those who sew well and often, but I've had nothing but trouble with this machine. The birdnesting issues resurface everytime I rethread the machine, and while the machine works well for me in spurts, there is no consistency. I play with different needle sizes and with the upper thread tension, but with little luck. Even when the tension seems balanced, the machine will skip stitches randomly and occasionally reject a brand new needle (meaning that the needle will ram into some part of the bobbin case even if it doesn't look bent). I have been stranded in the middle of a project for months. In short, my experience learning to sew has been even more frustrating than I expected because of the difficulties with this machine.
The package was suspect from the get go. Then I opened the weak frosted plastic to find that the Cricut points had been taken out, the sticker over the cartridge had been peeled off and the booklet was wet! Truly someone had used and abused this and sent it as NEW! HA! HA! HA! Jokes on me and what a lousey present!
The scissor is alright, but nothing to rave about. Its a scissor for gods sake. Its just not that high-tech.
Does the job, but mine peeled back. I've re-ironed it on my jeans, so maybe it'll hold this time. Still better than sewing, which I hate to do.
Melissa & Doug Friendship Stamp SetThis stamp set was purchased for our four year old granddaughter for Christmas. The pad was all dried up rendering the set useless. I will not order from this vendor again and considering the condition of other purchases from Amazon, I may reconsider ordering from Amazon.
WHY can't I get refills for my Buttoneer anymore? To see the eminently useful single needle gun-style buttoneer google 'buttoneer 2' and see the original ad from spiketv website. JoAnn now sells what they call "the original Buttoneer", which isn't -- the new double barrelled one is limited to short weak useless fasteners for only standard shirt buttons. In the 80's, Dennison refilled the TRUE original Buttoneer and Buttoneer 2, with strong nylon fasterners for buttons, & other lengths for home/auto repair, crafts. Ronco obviously sold the idea to JoAnn who pressed Dennison to stop making strong, useful fasteners of varied lengths. The NOT-original-buttoneer now sold really robs consumers. The blog reviews agree, but the as-seen-on-tv spammers push them so far down you never see the truth. What a great product this was and could have continued to be.
Borrowed a Buttoneer from a friend to see how well it worked. After 10 attempts, I finally got one fastener to hold. Would be easier to spin the thread, make my own needle, then hand sew it the button on. Skip the aggrevation. I would have rated it a zero if I could have.
The liquid works as well as the more expensive brands, however, the packaging is very poor and cheap. The top was difficult to screw on properly once opening and this caused a lot of the liquid to evaporate and was a nuisance. In addition, the tray and brush inside are very difficult to reach/grab so you end up sticking you fingers inside the liquid for every cleaning. I am happy to pay more for the better packaged jewelry cleaners.
The postage cost more than the art work. Ridiculous! I thought it would be easy to order my Christmas gifts on line to save time--it saved time but cost me more in shipping. The postage should not have been more than a dollar. it Was Just A Tablet For Drawing!!!
Much MUCH darker than pictured. The golds, browns, etc. are overwhelmed by the red and you might just as well buy a dark solid burgandy.
I received this in less than 48 hours from when I ordered it which is the fastest I have ever received anything from Amazon. I put it together and have been doing my needlework for about 4 hours on it, and I have no complaints. I have seen some reviews where they complain that the wing nuts come loose, but this is something that happens with all the scroll frames I have had and the versatility of this stand makes that a very minor thing indeed. Product is made of beautiful wod, and I will certainly order from Alice in Stitches again!
This latch hook is not made the best, the little lever that pulls the yarn through broke after about a week. The ones with the wooden handle are made MUCH better..
It can handle 32 sheets with ease. I have not had any problems with it as of yet but I only use it indoors. I do not think it would do so well in an enviroment where weather would get to it.
OK folks. I've been sewing on a circa 1970 Kenmore that I understand folks on E-Bay would swoon should I decide to sell it. I named that machine Beelzebub, The Demon of Fabric Manipulation. Beezle's and my battles are legendary. He always won. And it always ended up sounding like a biker bar in here what with all the cursing. Beezle and I have been fighting for 20 years.From the age of 8 to to about 19 or so, my long-suffering mother tried to teach me to sew. I understand it all in theory. Put me in a room alone with Beezle and anything but quality fabric manipulation will occur. (Once it was a concussion.)I read the reviews on this thing. This machine cost little more than a tune-up for Beezle (and I wasn't convinced Beezle would behave with exorcism by sewing machine oil.)I'm dyslexic. I'm afraid of sewing machines. Yada yada. I've spent 44 years trying to learn how to sew, but I need to sew a seam now and again. Perhaps a simple cafe curtain.Against my better judgment since I'd had a rather frustrating work day, I opened the box when I got home and set to. I had the machine set up and the bobbin wound within 5 minutes. (Beezle and I have generally battled for 45 minutes on that one.) I couldn't figure out the self-threader, but I'm pretty sure I'm making it too hard, but astigmatism and all, I had it threaded even quicker than I had it bobbined. And then I sewed a perfect line of stitches on the dog's bath towel (the only piece of fabric handy).This machine is soooooooooooooo quiet. I had no idea there were quiet sewing machines. My toaster oven makes more noise.I'm in love.Here's my only caveat thus far: if, like me, you're sewing on a vintage machine, this one is going to feel weird. The machine is primarily plastic. After the heavy steel of Beezle, it feels almost flimsy. Right now it's a bit disconcerting. When I began pulling it out of the box, I practically flung it over my head as I expected much more weight. I think the weight is going to be a plus after I get used to it.I haven't begun to really explore the machine. But it worked fine right out of the box for a simple stitch. It threads easy even without using the self-threader. The bobbin is a dream. Another feature I really love is that every dial, switch, lever, doohickey on it has a raised number next to it. If in doubt you can look up the part in the manual to figure out what it is. (Genius!)I didn't get the instructional video, but thus far am doing fine without it. Schematics are my nemesis, but they've taken pains with the manual to make it beginner-friendly with enough text that the diagrams (mostly) make sense. And trust me, I am diagram impaired.Oops. Another caveat: I suspect this machine is not going last the way the heavy steel machines of the 1970s did. But like I said, the cost wasn't much more than a tune-up. And a machine is useless if you're afraid of it or can't figure out how to work it or if it's just plain evil. This Brother couldn't be sweeter.The general tips on sewing in the back of the manual have been enlightening. I suspect had I gotten this machine years and years ago, my chances of having achieved fame as dressmaker to the stars might have been greatly enhanced.Of course, your mileage may vary, but thus far I'm pretty tickled.
I bought this after seeing a nail art idea on pinterest done by punching hearts into tape to stencil the nail. Punches out perfect little hearts, even on tape. Yay! Great buy.
My expectations were to high for this CS6000i , it has some good features but in general , for the type of work I do with a sewing machine dog coats mainly for large breeds of dogs it did not match my old Janome Excel II 5024 .Doing buttonholes on polar material is a nigthmare and using some of the fancy stitches on thicker material does not come out very well .The speed lever , can accidently be touch when you sew , just by turning the material for example, this is a bit annoying .I would have taught that with all the sounds alerting you, that this machine would at least alert you when the bobin was out of thread , if you sew with dark thread( which I do a lot ), you don't see well if you are running out of thread .And I do not know if it is me but I have found that I go through a lot more thread with this machine than with my Janome .I will have my Janome reajusted so I can use it again , and I will keep the Brother as a back up .
I am a professional goldsmith and I occasionally teach newbies. This is an excellent torch for someone new to soldering. It's small, easy to fill and adjust, and not scary to use. It will fuse Argentium nicely, and also solder Sterling Silver and copper wire as long as it's not a really heavy gauge. I haven't tried it on gold yet. It's great for balling up headpins and making rings and earrings. I even soldered right up next to small prongs without danger of melting them, which I was expecting to happen. Even bezels were safe with the flame right next to them. It doesn't burn nearly as hot at the oxy/acetylene that I normally use, so the fear factor is removed for someone just getting up the nerve to use fire for the first time. Of course it's still fire and safety precautions need to be followed, but it's a pretty safe torch. I like the fact that it locks. Comfortable to hold too. Initially I bought it for a specific demo, but wasn't able to get the really fine, small flame that I needed. But for general soldering it's great! I reach for it often for little stuff. I still use my oxy/acetylene for the bigger items that require a lot of heat.I would have given it 5 stars but I did experience the lighter not lighting every single time as some others have experienced, but it's not a big deal to me. It is a giant lighter, after all. Keep it away from the kids!!!!Also,order the triple refined butane for a smoother soldering experience because it sputters a little when used with regular butane. I could not find it locally. Rio Grande Jewelry Supply carries the Blazer brand triple refined, but you need to pay hazardous shipping charges.Still not sure? There are lots of videos on You tube showing this torch and how easy it is to use. There's even a good class for beginners featuring how to use butane torches on Craftsy.com.
Works great. It took a little while to figure the bobbin out but if your stitches aren't coming out correctly, make sure the bobbin is set up right and the thread is pulled through correctly. Very easy to use and probably has more features than I'll use (at least for now). I've had this for a little over a month and have used it to sew curtains.
The beads are foam and my 3 year old was able to break them apart very easily.I would highly recommend the Melissa and Doug Beads, you will have hours more fun, and they are durable !
I bought this punch for work to put together some binders. I had been using a heavy duty punch that I no longer had access to, so replaced it with this one...and am glad that I did!It is extremly easy to use. The lever allows you to "punch" with one hand. It is also easy to empty and doesn't leak paper bits when you pick it up or move it. Another bonus is that it is very light weight and easy to use.I would recommend this for jobs that are more medium-duty. If you are looking to punch a lot of papers at once, I would go with something heavier duty, however this seems to work great for small applications.!
Great product, but I guess it was my mistake that I meant to order rice/sugar paper. Works okay, though. Thanks!
this will only work if the material that is needing a new button is relatively thin otherwise it will not attach the button at all
This little gem is a must have in any quilters sewing kit. It easily marks fabric and last until it is brushed off. I have tried so many ways to try to mark my quilt tops and this chalk marker works the best for me. It doesn't stain the fabric at all, brushes off if you need to remove the mark and last a long time if you choose to leave it. It comes in different colors and is refillable. I use a yellow one for the dark color fabrics and blue for light color fabric.
It is somewhat confusing ordering light bulbs from you. You show a ott true color lamp that takes a 24 watt lamp but the bulbs shown are for an 18watt lamp but nothing indicates watt wattage the bulb is. Yes I ordered the wrong one and yes I opened the package. Make it easier for people to order ott bulbs by putting the wattage next to the picture.I finally ordered the right bulb but I had to work at it. Make it easier!
Coming from someone that writes between 20 and 40 letters a week. This pen is comfortable in the hand and has a good even flow. I would recommend this product for anyone that does a great deal of handwritten correspondence.
I'm not sure what they mean by right/left handed, but these clearly are not for left handed folks. We have a pair of left-handed scissors and the grooves on these titanium scissors are on the opposite side - for right handers. There is a slight groove for the left-handed side, but that's really just fishing for it, in my opinion.Personally, I'm giving these to my family, who are right-handers, because they do cut well. Unfortunately I just don't see how this could be how it's advertised.
I purchased two of these chairs for my twin daughters. My girls love them and they are super cute, however after a week the material started to rip along the side arm of the chair. Chairs are also along the small side,my girls are 17months and only weigh 21 pounds and these chairs will only last a few more months before they are to big for them
I did allot of research on the type of serger I intended to add to my sewing room tools. I was looking for a 4 thread serger that would be both economical and efficient. The CD that accompanied the machine was wonderful. I took the machine out of the box and began serging. The instruction manual was right there beside me and easy to follow. Reading the directions is imperative.I ordered my Brother 1034D serger through Amazon.com. It arrived in less than 4 days.I am totally satisfied with my purchase! This is a great serger for the money!Now the doll clothes I sew looks completely professional!
This is definitely NOT 30x. I have a cheap magnifying glass that's 2x and 5x, and in comparison, this seems to be somewhere between 7x and 10x. It works, but I wouldn't have wasted my time if I knew it definitely wasn't 30x!
These are good quality and very easy to use. They look like they would fit in other brand books too, but I did use them in a Pioneer brand book. They are thicker than the ones that I usually buy and I like the look of them a lot better.
This gallon of paint does not have a smooth texture, there are lumps in it. My son uses it for body paint at high school sporting events.
I got this machine yesterday and I love it! Already I've been able to mend multiple things! It's worked on stretch fabrics, delicate knits, and even jeans. I patched worn jeans pockets without a problem.I found the machine very easy to use, the instruction booklet was fairly clear as were the directions on the machine. I love this machine and can imagine I will use it often!
My husband loved it! It seems to be very easy to adjust and he put it together in under 15 minutes. It was a great gift.
I like the way the ink flows from both my Parker Calligraphic and Sheaffer Calligraphic pens . . . however, it is not the dense, opaque black that I expected, nor is it waterproof on paper. I used it in the converters of the pens mentioned . . . flowing is excellent with no noticeable feathering on less than optimum paper. A good, solid, ink tending more to gray than the dense black that I prefer. Bottled and shipped very well. The bottle, 3 ounces, is easily accessible by any fountain pen that I am aware of.
I was pleased to get the ring guards since they fit the wide band rings I have given my grand daughters as gifts.
Even heating the bottom of this thing up a bit more with a small torch couldn't hardly make it sustain enough heat to use the iron on denim patch I had.
Works well with my Brother embroidery machine Use it to download free embroidery pattern on line Easy to use if you have some basic computer knowlwdge
As described meets every expectation. Show nicely against white and tinted paper.Saves much time when used with a T square
I was looking for a lightweight machine to take with me to quilting classes. I didn't need anything fancy and the price was right. It too me a little while to figure out the dials (my other machine is computerized), It is a good basic machine and I am pleased with my purchase.
The Smithsonian must be clamoring for this machine. Because installing the antiquated ribbon system with its falling-out spindles and unraveling film is an exercise in patience that I have failed miserably. The fact that I don't beat the person over the head that ordered this for me is a testimony to my restraint. I don't know what was paid for this machine, but if he didn't get it in a box of Cracker Jacks he paid too much. These types of machines can be had too cheaply to put up with this nonsense. Whew. Now let me go find my copy of Office Space!
I am new to sewing, but not completely ignorant, so I thought this machine would be a good starter machine after my old Singer bit it. I was completely wrong.The speed goes full or nothing; there is no slow stitching. And the bobbin! I have never seen such a convoluted bobbin system in my life. Save yourself the trouble and just buy something else. This machine will make you want to break it, then you can't get your money back!
I've only had this machine for a few years, with very light use, and already the bobbin winder has stopped working. In addition, no matter what I do or what methods I try, this machine will not sew properly using invisible nylon thread, and it has some significant problems with thicker materials. Other than that, it's great - thus my title: Great when it works
Because wire cubes had worked well in our IT gadget closet, I'd been hoping to extend the existing setup to fit all of the new gadgets and other bits and pieces. Unfortunately, these cubes used a different gauge wire and were about 1/8" bigger, and the square units of one batch wouldn't stay in the connectors from the other batch. If you ever wondered why there are exacting standards for even the most mundane products, this is why.Even where the parts were all the same size, they were prone to pulling apart in one area while I was trying to pull them together in another.The only way I could get everything to stay together was to reinforce the junctions with a whole lot of cable ties.If you have an installation bigger than the 2 cube by 2 cube example photo, I'd suggest you do the same.
I purchased the Blade Runner out of a need for a tool that would accurately cut circles out of cardstock. I build card models, and it's particularly difficult to cut perfect circles between about 1/4" to 1 & 1/4." (Larger can look passable freehand with a blade or with scissors, or with specialty circle cutters, while smaller can be done with metal punches.)I have a drafting circle template that I wanted to somehow use with a cutting tool that would not risk cutting the template itself. The Blade Runner works well for this.The Blade Runner is designed to be used with templates; it has a guide shaft to which the blade is attached, much like the pilot on a piloted router bit. The Blade Runner's instructions direct the user to place the template sheet on something to raise it up a few millimeters, like some sticky putty. The blade guide then hooks under the surface of the template in order to guide the user.For my own purposes, I needed the template flush with my parts sheet in order to cut the exact outline of the part. I found that, by using a larger diameter circle in my template sheet to offset, I could use the Blade Runner's tiny circlular blade housing like a "pilot" without having to hook under the template sheet. By carfully making 2 to 3 light pressure passes, I get very good results with only slight fraying that easily brushes off.One of the things that makes this tool unique is the extremely low profile of the blade itself, allowing the user to get as close to the surface of the cutting media as possible.Another nice plus is that replacement blades are available from the manufacturer. I purchased my Blade Runner at a Michaels craft store, and they had the replacement blades in stock.I would recommend this tool to anyone who does paper crafts with templates and has a fairly steady hand for cutting jobs.
I love this stuff. It shrinks WAY smaller than you think it will, to 25% or smaller of the original image. I'd say make sure to do a test one first for &#34;shrinkage&#34;. Works great in the toaster oven, on apiece of parchment paper so you can watch it shrink and curl.
I am very happy with my purchase of this hole puncher. It works great for me, as a college student who likes to put lecture notes in binders. I especially love the fact that it has a little catcher at the bottom for all the punches that fall out. It's very easy to use and it's a great price.
I have multiple necklaces that are a little short. I ordered three different chain extenders because the price was right and I think this one is the best by far. the others were great and i'm totally pleased, but this one looked fancier and was more substantial. it cost a tad more, but if i had to order another one, it would be this one.
This set of O-rings fit many popular size watches. I found out an O-Ring in this set that fit my Seiko H601A quartz watch. I use ACE 90% purity silicone grease to seal this O-Ring, put it on the cover, and snap back to the watch successfully.
do not order this scrapbook, i placed and order for this and never received it. instead i was sent some charm for a necklace that looked like it came out of a cracker jack box. i would recommend not buying from this company.
Like other buyers, while this item is clearly labeled a PACK OF SIX, we only received ONE canvas. Website description, packing label, picture all indicate 6. Why would there only be 1?Note: I did contact Amazon customer service and they issued a refund, but it is a hassle to re-order, etc. And I still don't know if we'll get six next time.
The picture showed color of backs as white, but received clear. These were purchased for an older person who uses reading glasses to see. The clear colored backs are almost impossible to see, in fact they are so clear they are extremely difficult to see if they drop on the floor. Perhaps the white colored are better. Also, these are so small that it is difficult for older person with arthritis or dexterity challenged to use. These are smaller than the ones available in Claire stores.
So far I have used this machine to take a beginning sewing class and three totebag classes. I have sewed through cotton quilting weight fabric, nylon webbing, fusible fleece, and home dec fabric. I have also done some applique. The performance of this machine is VERY average bordering on disappointing. Tension decides what it wants to do, bobbin is a bit finicky, feed dogs will mess you up in a heartbeat. The feed dogs are very aggressive and make it tough to get into tight spots or start on a seam when making bags.This machine also has a needle that starts in far left position, which isn't always easy for figuring out seam allowances.After less than 40 hours of sewing on this machine, I regret my purchase and wish I had put this money toward saving up for a better machine.All that being said, I would say that if you just want a machine to use a few times a year or make little fun projects for yourself, go for it. The stitches are fun to play with. But if you are interested in starting a serious sewing hobby or even making items to sell, invest in a machine that will make professional-looking items.
Arrived in a nice case. Was a gift for someone. I just could not tell if it was or was not left handed but I think it was. The packaging seemed to suggest it is made in Brazil.
I bought this for my wife, and it broke soon after. If you have the money go for something more durable
Hi. I bought this scrap book from a different store and it was almost 25 dollars...so this is a really good price. The quality of this beautiful violet scrap book is excellent. The binding allows for as many refills as you can imagine...mine is filled! The paper that they supply you with is also of very good quality, it is very strong adn durable, my paper is still pure white and I bought this set many years ago. Hopefully you will find this review helpful. Enjoy the kit!!
Great Product, Great Price, what can I say!!! Fast Shipping. I would recommend. Thank you, thank you, Thank you... I will buy this again.
I loved these mini sized bags. They are so cute and perfect for small gifts. I used them for the goodie bags at my son's birthday party. Everyone thought they were so adorable. And there were lots of them for christmas and other party planning needs.
I was a little skeptical when I ordered these, but I thought, "Meh, if they suck, they were cheap and they're a good back up for lost needles." I was very pleasantly surprised! Yes, they are not Clover brand. They are also not $13 a set. I have been using these for about a year, and I find them to be just fine. And for the price, they are better than just fine.
My daughter needed this to finish her outfit. It came quickly and was just what she needed. She bought one earlier from Joann and it didn't fit.
I have had this machine for several months. I LOVE it. It totally defies the "you get what you pay for" way of thinking, because it costs so little yet works well. I keep it clean (with vacuum cleaner and also compressed air to blow out debris) and oiled and it works flawlessly. All adjustments and settings are easy to implement. Some people find overlock machines difficult to thread, and recommend tying old to new thread rather than re-threading the machine. This machine is SO easy to thread, I find re-threading to be faster and more simple. Yes you have to use tweezers in a few places but they are provided and once you get the hang of this machine, it goes very quickly. The lower looper threader is very easy (watch the included video clips).After using this machine for several months, I wanted something with more capabilities and was very disappointed with other machines I tried: the Viking s15 and the Singer ProFinish (which although vastly different in price are mechanically the same machine, made in the same factory but with different plastics and included accessories) -- both of which were terrible (unreliable, mechanical problems). Trying inferior (and yet more expensive) machines made me realize what a great value the Brother 1034D is. It can't do everything, but it does a lot -- and very reliably.The only negatives are: it's a bit noisy compared to a regular sewing machine, if you're not used to that -- BUT it works twice as fast, so that shouldn't be a big deal; and there's only one screw for both needles so removing one while keeping the other in place (to do a 3-thread vs. 4-thread overlock) requires a bit of dexterity, but is not so bad once you're accustomed to it. Also because of the design of the machine your stitches are limited to the edge of things (there's no room to the right of the needles/loopers, even with the cutter disengaged).For those who want to sew stretchy fabrics or otherwise want their projects/garments to look professional, without spending a fortune, this is the machine you want.
I was told it would arrive before Christmas but it arrived two days after. The product is great though, nice paper, though I wish I hadn't bought such nice paper because my little brother is prone to giving up and just throwing a whole sheet away for a tiny mistake
It was what I ordered just the paper was loose in the box .. So I was disappointed in it . Not sure how to give it away for Christmas now :(
I have had one of these for a year and a half - or so. I am getting ready to return it for repair for the second time. The first time it just stopped all motion and electrical activity. It was still under warranty; they sent me a completely new one. This time it is badly bunching thread on the back of the fabric - was working fine then suddenly started doing this. I have to pay this time to have it repaired.You have to be very careful with the way you use this machine. There are many things you cannot do with this machine (no reverse, cannot manually reverse a stitch, cannot adjust the stitch length or pull on the fabric to do so.) The instructions for correct use must be followed to avoid damaging the machine and to have it operate properly. I know how to sew well with machines, but only do so for repairs or alterations, so I'm not abusing this thing. I could put up with all of the care required to use this machine to have an inexpensive one for straight-stitch repairs while in my temporary situation (my regular machine is packed up). But I am getting sick of calling their tech support, trouble-shooting all the things I am doing correctly anyway, and being told to ship the machine back for repairs (I have to pay this time for repairs plus shipping) and having to stop sewing for another 2 months while it is fixed.If you want to enjoy sewing, especially if you are just getting into it, look elsewhere for a machine and save yourself a headache.
I bought this dress form because my previous dress form was no longer my size and I needed a replacement. I chose this one for the price and it was a brand name. I was very disappointed in the shape of the form. The waist is too low it is really at the top of the hips and the natural waist line area never changes; so when you adjust the form, you end up with a wasp waist and a huge lumpy bottom! The shape that takes place is not at all correct. When I would adjust for the hip, the "waist" got bigger! The dials are cheesy and this just isn't a quality product, even for a low price item. I returned it.
I was going to show my son how to cut paper but these don't really cut paper they just bend it. I think one would need to use tracing paper or rice paper with these scissors. He still enjoys bending the paper with them and pretending he is big but we can't really do any cutting.
Good: Product is good, relatively easy to use.Not so good: light is not bright enough; the manuel is confusing because it is not individualized for this model.
I just recently started sewing again, and thought this would be a nice little item to have, it has all the things you would need for sewing. There are plenty of threads, in lots of different colors. It does have several storage areas, and all the basics. Some of the items are small, but for the beginner they are very good. I ended up taking out what I would use, and putting the box up on the cupboard. It would be very handy if you were going to attend a class for sewing, you could have everything in one spot. There is even a pocket to hold the patterns. So after looking at it, for me, its not exactly what I was looking for, but for some one just starting out, it would be perfect. It would be a great gift for the beginner seamstress.
Fiskars is a company known for many types of cutting devices in many arts and crafts. I have had the same pair of fiskars scissors that have kept their sharp blade and easily cut through yarn and fabric. When I needed a rotary cutter to get more accurate cuts in fabric, there was never a second thought to which brand I'd go for. Unfortunately, the rotary cutters just don't live up to the reputation.I've gone through several blades quite quickly. The first few cuts are super sharp, and when I first used the rotary blade, I really had to be careful not to cut like a drunken sailor and cut more than I planned or myself! So naturally, I initially was impressed with the cutting ability. But then after just a few small projects, I noticed that the blade had one particularly dull spot that caused skipping. Now that I am on my third blade after maybe cutting several yards each, the same thing keeps happening. It's getting annoying.It gets the job done, but with the number of blades I could go through I might spend my money on another brand.UPDATE: About 1 month after I wrote the above review, I dropped this rotary cutter on my foot. The blade was unsheathed and I was barefoot. I was working with a blade that I would have categorized as "dull", however, the slip of my hand required a trip to the emergency room. I lacerated the top of my foot quite badly, requiring some stitches. Thinking that this was a run of the mill laceration (it made quite a nice straight edged cut for them to stitch back up), it wasn't immediately noticed that this "dull" blade I was working with severed nerves and a tendon to my big toe. Several months later, my big toe "drops" and is unable to move on it's own. I also have significant neurological symptoms along the side of my foot and toe from the damage. I tell all of this because I think my initial review could have led people to believe that these rotary blades dull like a butter knife. In fact, they may dull significantly in terms of cutting through fabric, but a dull blade can do some major damage to you!
I have been looking for a new sewing machine for a while. I didn't mind spending the money because I do a lot of sewing. I looked in stores and I looked on line and I read lots of reviews and recommendations. After all that I decided on this machine and it really is the best machine I have ever owned. And it was very reasonably priced!! The shipping was so fast too. I received the machine in 2 days and I didn't get the 2 day shipping. I love my machine and Amazon has been great!
The Blazer PB207 Torch Lighter is idea for lighting cigars. It's great for the outdoors, on the golf course or while camping. Wind does not affect the flame. It has a great "industry look and feel" so you wouldn't want to be seen with it while in a suit or tux, but for the regular guy and everyday use, you'll love it. The problems with this torch are that it doesn't always light on the first attempt. Also I don't like it's new safety feature, where you have to flip a lever and then depress the ignition button. This all done with your thumb and gets some getting used to. I like the Blazer better than any store bought lighters, it's more rugged, useful and seems to work more consistently. Two things, it's recommended to use triple distilled butane, not difficult to find, most good cigar stores carry it. The other is, that if you drop it often, the igniting mechanism can shift, making the lighter not as reliable to light on demand. I still feel you're going to love it.
I purchased this set of double points (as well as some circulars and straights from the same company) not long after I started knitting. I've read a number of reviews glowing about how wonderful the needles are and that they are comparable to Clover needles. There is really not much of a comparison as the Clover needles are by far a higher quality than these. These needles are not nearly as smooth as other bamboo needles - these needles seem to be more porous - it seems like they need additional sanding or some wax to smooth them out. It is sometimes difficult to get the yarn to slide off the needles, even though I tend to be a loose knitter. The smaller size needles (3 and below) are very flimsy, so I wouldn't recommend using these for sock knitting. Some of the needles I've used have gotten splintery which causes the yarn to catch on the needle.On the positive side, if you typically just need double point needles for small projects such as decreases on hats, or just getting the center started on a circular piece of knitting such as a pi shawl, then these might be a good purchase for you. These may also be good for knitters that worry about dropping a needle or stitches with slippery DPNS. You can't beat the price - which is the main reason I'm giving it 3 stars - any more expensive and I'd be giving them a 2.PS: I think that there is someone out there (most likely from the manufacturer or distributor) who has been noting negative reviews for these products as "unhelpful".
I bought this glue gun at a local craft store with glue sticks included for about $10.00. In trying to make hair ribbons for my daughter, I find the trigger is very heavy, making accurate glueing a difficult proposition at best. Already the cover for the dual temperature switch has fallen off, and this is the first time I've used it!I do NOT reccomend this item.
I wish there had been a picture as well as a better description. I thought I was ordering a 2 way zipper, but it isn't one. The zipper is OK quality just not what I needed. I should have paid closer attention before I ordered.
Finally I have the item in hand. Its was a very anxious wait. Initially when I opened the carton I was praying that it wasnt only 1 needle, 2 presser foot and 1 bobbin that was in the entire carton but then I noticed the holding area for everything else. I have lots of bobbins, presser foots including the button hole with measurements and needles and tools. Its amazing. I tested it out, its easy to use the guides are easy to understand, and I especially love the fact that it threads the needle itself :-) This weekend will be the true test, I'll be sewing curtains so lets see if it stands up to the test.
Plain Frame. Okay for poster. I just bought one to frame a free Nationals poster so did not care too much on what it looked like or anything. The border of my frame was fine, but the clear plastic (glass) was broken in 3 of the corners. Again, not a big deal for me....seeing as I was framing a free poster. I just put some ticket stubs in the corners to cover up the broken plastic rather than sending back a $20 frame.
Nice little torch. Wouldn't hold Butane overnight. Finally checked the filling valve on the bottom of torch before throwing it out. Tightened it up, and it's worked well since. Check yours before using.
This set of origami paper is very colorful. It comes in a rainbow 15 equally divided colors including blues, greens, oranges, reds and purples. Though, two of the orange colors will likely test your color blindness, as I can't tell the difference.All sheets have the pattern seen on the border (and center) of the product image. It's a nice pattern, but I can't help but wonder if the folded cranes would appear brighter if the sheets were a solid color... Anyway, the sheets are of good quality- very thin and easy to fold and crease yet resistant to tear. The size is 2.75 x 2.75 inches. I originally thought this would be a bit too small, but actually it's a pretty good size.The packaging looks like the item came right off a store shelf in Japan, which gives it a really authentic feel. It's packaged as a cube, and has directions for folding a crane on the back. These instructions, however, are hardly sufficient for learning how to fold a crane. Only ten steps are listed (more complete guides have twice that many), and even less writing- which won't help you unless you know Japanese. This isn't much of a problem though, as you can find instructions all over the internet. If you really need some great instructions, I recommend the book "Sadako and the Thousand Paper Cranes" here on Amazon. It's a great touching story, and has very detailed instructions for crane folding in the back.My only qualm with this item is that it isn't really a "kit". Because it was a kit, I thought it would come with everything I needed to string up all thousand cranes, but it only comes with the 1,000 sheets of paper. So I think calling it a kit is a bit misleading. But string, a needle, and beads are fairly inexpensive, so it's not a big deal- it just lacks the convenience of having everything in one box.If you don't know what I'm talking about, sets of one thousand cranes are generally strung up on a set of strings and hung. For example, you might use 10 strings with 100 cranes on each string. You place a crane on the string by putting a needle (that's tied to the string of course) through the hole in the bottom of the crane, and then poking it through the middle of the crane's back. You'll need to tie a knot or a bead or something onto the end of the string to prevent cranes from falling off the end.In summary, this is great product, but lacks the completeness required to be called a kit. So if you're planning on giving this as a gift to someone, you'll probably want to give them the other things they will be needing too.
The shipping of this product was extremely fast and the fact there was no shipping cost was one of the reasons for my purchase. However, the description of the product is misleading. It is described as a "heavy" paper, as opposed to some of the medium weights that are available. It is actually a thin, flimsy paper, not even close to durable or heavy. The quality of the paper did not meet my expectation of what I thought I was ordering based on the product description. Also, there was no invoice printout included in the shipment.
Patches didnt iron on well, didnt stay on at all. Came off in wash. will never buy this useless product again.
I bought 6 of these bottles from FindingKing as they are described as "Acid Bottles" They arrived very quickly and that was the only good thing about the order. None of the tops seal. . . not very safe for acid use. One of the tops had a square cut top to fit into a round hole. . NOTThe glass dippers were another story. One was so long the top would not even fit the bottle. The others were so short the bottle would have to be half full in order for the dipper to reach the liquid.I contacted FindingKing and was told to return for a full refund. Off to the Post Office and $10.20 shipping to return $13.98 worth of bottles. Now it cost me $3.78 to shop with FindingKing.I e-mailed customer service and they responded to now throw away the bottles and I would receive a full refund. Hummm the told me the day before I had to return the product.I contact customer service again and was told they needed to have a copy of my ship receipt. Did that and was told President of Company needed to sign refund check. . . .unless I wanted a refund via PayPal. That was 10 days ago still no return shipping refund.Save your money and find something else for "Acid"
I used this portfolio bag for the first time today. I loved it! The bag has a pocket, and the handle straps easily convert to a shoulder strap (that I used). The zipper unzips enough to open the bag flat. These features give this bag 5 stars. I used this bag to bring home my framed photos. I laid the bag down on my carpet, unzipped the zipper, opened the bag flat, and took out my photos. When I closed the bag to zip up the zipper, I saw that one of the four feet had fallen off and was lying on my carpet. That lack of durability gives this bag 0 stars, resulting in a rating of 3 stars when combining the features and durability. Buy this bag if you like great features, but don't expect the bag to stay together.
This kit comes, mostly, as advertised. I ran out of white sequins, but after emailing Janlynn, they responded the next day and said they would ship me more. I have yet to receive them, but am writing a review assuming their customer service will be prompt since they responded to my email so quickly and courteously. Customer service is increasingly poor these days, so I was pleasantly surprised by the positive experience with Janlynn's customer service. This is my third stocking kit. My others were made by Bucilla (Santa Chef and Pirate Snowman (no longer made)), and after having half-completed this stocking, I am not impressed with the quality of the Janlynn kit. Other than the sequins, which they seem to be happy to rectify, here are my issues with the kit:1. The instructions are hard to follow and not very clear. I'm not a newbie at this but accidentally skipped a few embroidery steps on pieces and had to go back and do it through the stuffed pieces because I didn't understand the instructions clearly before attaching the piece to the stocking. The instructions for the Bucilla kits are much more clear and easier to follow.2. Several of the felt colors (light blue and some white) were not stamped clearly. It looks like the felt moved when it was being stamped so it is smeared across the felt, leaving the pattern lines on the pieces that will show even after assembled. I've learned that I can flake off the stamped lines by picking at it with my needle (learned this on stocking #1 when I made a mistake), but the smeared stamp is a problem. Also, on the blue felt, it was stamped on both sides like they had made a mistake on the one side and just flipped it over. Sometimes when the felt is a light color it can show through. That's not acceptable.3. This kit is fairly simple in design and in some places lacking in quality of design compared to the Bucilla kits I have done. For example, the right hand on the snowman has a purple mitten in front but the back is all white arm. This wouldn't happen in a Bucilla kit - they pay attention even to the small details. The mitten would be purple on both sides. Maybe I'm spoiled by my previous positive experiences with stocking kits, but it's often the small details that you fall in love with and that really make your finished project look so fantastic. It took me probably half the time to complete this kit as my other stockings for this reason - it is lacking in the details that push it over the top in quality.4. They don't include an alphabet for tracing to create a pattern to personalize with a name. Maybe others like to choose their own font? I feel that it should be standard to include one so I don't have to go print something off to complete this kit, especially since I don't have a printer.5. Maybe this is user error, but I had some trouble getting the pieces to line up correctly. Some seemed to big and some too small and as I made choices about placement given the odd size, it threw off the rest of the pattern.I hate to give a poor review, but as I continued to work on this stocking I became more and more frustrated and dissatisfied with the quality and workmanship of this product. I might not even keep it for use in my family and instead try to sell it as a completed project. I think it might look inferior next to the others I have completed that were more intricate and better designed.
Very good quality and extremely sharp. Exactly what I needed. The large size is perfect for sewing and cuts through even thick denim, and the smaller size I keep in my desk.
received in about a week from amazon. then there's a form to send into wall lenk to get the customized head. that's supposed to take up to two weeks. called 'em after two weeks; machines are down and will be fixed in a few more days. i am coming up on the fourth week after sending the form to wall lenk. just called and will be receiving the custom head after 4 weeks of sending in the form. i have two projects that have been sitting and waiting to get branded. for saving a few bucks... you make the call. approximately 5 weeks lead time after ordering from amazon. once i finally get it, i am assuming it will work properly.
Upon finishing a large project, I noticed there were fibers stuck in the grooves of the mat. Having to pluck the lot of them out was a major pain in the backside. Thankfully there is a backside to this mat and I am able to work on the different color.
Love my Brother serger 1034D except for 1 thing - I used it only 3 times and the presser foot wouldn't lift. Took to a repairman who said that the gear inside is plastic and it stripped, and probably would continue to do so even if replaced.I use it without lifting the presser foot, but it sure makes it unhandy and sometimes frustrating.
I have recently bought a sewing machine and I wanted to be able to take it with me when I go to my camper on the weekends, I was worried about transporting it all the time without protection so I ordered this case, it is hard plastic with a handle on top for easy carrying. The clips on the bottom are pretty reliable I have no doubt about the safety of my machine. The other benefit is there is extra room in the case around my machine for a small sewing kit, so I have everything I need in this one case. I would recommend this case to anyone who likes to take their machines with them or even if you have to store your machine in a closet or something like that, this case is sturdy enough to handle having things sat on top of it. After viewing many cases for sewing machines I feel this one offered the best protection and it was also the cheapest, I paid under $30 with S&H included.
Excellent item! Wood is smooth to the touch. Stand is easily assembled. It was so wonderful to receive an item with all its parts present. It is like a quality item made 50 years ago when you expected it to be sturdy and you could count on it lasting for many, many years. It is also lovely to look at, with a classic quality that will enhance rather than detract from your decor. It holds my tapestry securely. Would recommend to anyone!
I love this paper but just feel they should let you know it's 20 sheets and not 50. I usually order it by the roll and should have looked closer. The great deal wasn't as sweet.
shears arrived in great condition. i just wonder whether all shears remain a little stiff when using them. i applied the machine oil; however, i do not feel any difference. these shears are a gift for my handicapped daughter. my personal shears have also remained more tiring to use than regular fabric scissors. this comment is in no way a reflection on the seller; it is merely intended for the manufacturer--although not negative because i do not know whether shears are constructed in this manner.thank you,sylvia
More trouble then its worth!When I was finally able to get it to work for me(I was making a halloween costume), it looked like it did a great job, until the entire length that was sewn fell apart immediately! You have to Hand sew it to get it to stay in place.. It saved some time, but I was so fearful of the stitches falling out that I pinned the costume anyway! Dont waste your money. Although more pricey, Im spending my money on a REAL machine!
The lid snapped off during transit. The thread is fine, so if you're only buying it for the thread and needles, then it's fine, but don't expect the travel case to stand up to any amount of stress during travel. It's made of cheap plastic.
This is not as easy to use as the straight blade, but it gives a nice edge. It's kind of a pain to trade blades out, but I like having the option. This is a nice blade.
Thick and goopy, doesn't mix/blend well, doesn't spread well over paper. Not recommended for large projects; might work better for smaller pieces.
This is a fine, worthy machine for any capable seamster or seamstress or any beginner. I've been sewing for nearly 30 years. I've made tailored suits, topcoats, heavy-duty canvas equipment carriers, drapes, and upholstered old furniture with Singers using the old, gorgeous treadle model with its outrageously ornate gold-leaf Sphinx. The quality and reliability of Singer machines I've been used to and expected is apparent in this model. It is solidly made with enough functions for the needs of anyone with competence and skill. It is as "heavy-duty" as I was used to and has sewn several layers of thick canvas. The 6038 is by no means a "beginner" machine. Used with mature experience and patient skill, it is capable of any complex task.Some of these reviews seem unrealistic in expectation or poorly informed and so perplex or amuse me. I agree with another reviewer, this is a "perfect little machine." For those reporting disappointment or failure of this model I'd urge to view the video and read the manual completely and thoroughly before concluding something doesn't work. Don't despair. It all works. If something doesn't work, read/view again for perhaps you missed a fine detail will which reveal the cause of your problem.Sewing machines fascinated me and the old machines that first attracted me as a boy were products of steam-engine technology: metal devices rotating and oscillating in coordinated synchronicity performing a complex task. The technology maturing in development over 125 years is apparent in the heritage of this 6038. I admire this machine.
I was very pleased with this little sewing machine. I'm a guy, and I know nothing about sewing, except that I was tired of sewing little holes in my clothes by hand. I didn't want to spend a bunch of money on a big, fancy machine. This one is pretty basic, and there are a couple places where the instructions could've been clearer. But after sewing up a hole in some pants within 10 minutes of opening the box, I felt very happy with my purchase.
This is cheaply made and has the problem of not staying together well. The plastic nut that holds the blade on keeps falling off. Cuts well, but I wouldn't buy it again.
Something in the box for anyone's imagination. My grandchildren love to pick a stencil, then create a &#34;world&#34; around it.
We have a camel/light brown leather sectional in our living room that we spent a fortune on about ten years ago, but after two rough kids (who still have growing to do) it's faded and worn. Couldn't bear to give it up -- both financially as well as emotionally, since I love it so much -- not to mention the fact that my kids are still too young to even think about a new piece they'll just ruin with their normal chaos. :)After reading the reviews on here and other leather sites, decided to go for the Light Brown. Couldn't decide between this and the next shade up (medium brown) but read that it's best to go with the lighter shade. Now that I've started, I could have absolutely gone even lighter -- these colors are very saturated and cover extremely well -- but I'm super happy, even with it SLIGHTLY darker than it started.Spent a few hours redying part of our living room leather sectional and ran out of the 4oz bottle midway, so if you have a large area to cover you might want to consider buying more than one bottle. As a result of running out (and the fact that I forgot to begin with), though, I took a comparison shot that, honestly, says it all:i47.tinypic.com/349cgf9.jpgLike other reviewers have said, be warned that it DOES stain everything, so take care to lay down towels, tarps, have plenty of rags, etc. The light brown did stain my hands, but most of the obvious coloring came off with soap, water, and rubbing alcohol. What little is left just turned my hands a slightly yellowish tint (I was wearing gloves -- it saturated through them).I used unscented baby wipes, like other reviewers have suggested, to prep. Also had a bottle of rubbing alcohol on hand -- it wasn't suggested, but since these dyes are alcohol based I knew I would thin it out. Had a few spots where the coverage was too heavy (where the leather wasn't as faded) so used some alcohol on a rag and rubbed lightly to thin it out so it graded from the old to the new nicely (I didn't dye the entire thing, just the faded parts).If you have a faded leather piece (shoes, furniture, horse equipment, etc.) that you can't bear to let go of, I HIGHLY recommend Fiebing's. Very old company, superior quality, super cheap price...couldn't possibly ask for more.
This was ok, but the adhesive is not as sticky as I expected. Velco part works fine. Otherwise it is fine.
The sewing machine itself is super awesome! I love it! The only thing I'm not use to is the presser-foot. I'm use to a more sensitive machine, so it's strange having to push down a lot to get it to start going. I've replaced the presser foot with my old (and more sensitive) foot and it's perfect!
Windsor Newton masking fluid is a bit of a disappointment. It goes on clumpy, no matter how I treat the brush / stylus, and dries so quickly that it often binds the stylus just trying to blend lines. Unless the underlying art has dried COMPLETELY (like overnight), the masking fluid tends to lift the color underneath it, even with permanent watercolors, even if the fluid is lifted later in the day (ie, it wasn't left there for weeks before lifting).Overall, I'm not impressed, and will be looking for a new masking fluid with easier application and better response to underlying colors.
The fact that this is set to only sharpen one angle is not clearly represented in it's presentation for sale. If you decide to buy it make sure your scissors have the correct angle or else it's useless as is the one I bought.
I bought this calligraphy and ink set as a gift for my niece for Christmas and she was thrilled. I also bought a book about calligraphy to go with it and I recommend you do the same unless you are already familiar with everything. The set doesn't come with any information on what each item is or how it's used. But the set seemed to be complete and presented well. Like I said, she was thrilled.
This is the worst paper punch I have ever tried to use. It is not sharp enough to punch through cardstock and will barely punch through regular paper. It also left black marks on the paper. The part that should hold the small pieces of punched paper does not fit tight enough to hold them in the reservoir so you end up with little pieces of paper all over the place. This is being returned and I will have to try my luck with another brand.
Do not buy from Supermart. I ordered this 6 pack when it was advertised at 5.85 for the whole pack and like mjob, I only received one, with absolutely NO response to my email complaint. No replacement canvases and no refund. At all. I love this brand of stretched art canvas, as it's perfect for oil paints, but I've had much more success with the buyer FineArtStore. It's a little pricier, but take a look at some of their marked down items, and it's worth it to have the product you paid for in the ad. This ad has since been changed, thankfully, and hopefully those of you who do decide to buy through these folks will actually get all of the canvases you order.
I bought White W75 the other day, and sewed sleeves of a shirt, curtain perfectly. But certainly I'm not happy with the machine. It took a long time before I was able to actually use it. It's hard to adjust the tension of the top thread and the bottom thread. The tension is supposedly adjustable but the sweet spot is really narrow. It's either loose or the thread snaps. Thread guide near the spool holder doesn't do its job resulting the thread twining around the holder. These two are the major defects of this product. Also the motor makes big rattling noise. Otherwise it's OK for the price.For your information, pitch is not adjustable, no reverse/forward control. Foot pedal is either On or Off (no speed control).
Snaps are for a heavy fabric. Tried it on a thin fabric and just tore it apart when trying to separate the snaps. After a somewhat labor intensive installation, I was disappointed to ruin the clothing.
We got this with some 3D paper models of castles, villages, etc. last Christmas. It's worked like a dream, with no mess or spillage, and it's even hard to get it to dry out by leaving the cap off (the glue opening is tiny). The bottle stays tidy, and that's with four kids using it. Now my 8-year-old is using it to make a paper dollhouse, and the 9-year-old is making paper automata with it. I'm ordering more today, and thought I should leave a review. Wish everything worked this well.
The glue gun I received was the H-280 40 watt gun, as the title page descriptor states. However, that's one of the few accurate description of the glue gun on the page. The picture is of a different glue gun. The product features stated for the glue gun include:Product FeaturesComes with auxiliary stand - not the one shown. It's a plastic ring that attaches to the handleNon slip / Non stick finish - no, just normal plasticOn/Off switch with light - no switch, no lightHigh output - 60 watts - no, it's 40 wattsUses standard .43 dia glue sticks - yesLater in the sentence descriptors it says it has an 8ft cord. It's actually a little over 4 ft.I haven't tried the glue gun yet. I'm upset the description of what I thought I was ordering was not correct and that the product I received was inferior to the one described.
very overpriced i think. the wool itself is fine.it arrived on time but was in a huge box filled with plastic bags.
Item is not at all what is in the photo or what's described. Product was all metal, rusty and old!
Pinking shears are a necessity for anyone who sews. They cut a zig-zag edge, which helps prevent fraying. Whether you're working with fragile fabrics, or making doll clothes with narrow seam allowances, or just want a clean finish to your garment seams--you'll need a pair of pinking shears in your toolbox. I recommend them to all of my students.These pinking shears in particular are great. The handles are soft and the automatic spring action is a lifesaver. With regular pinking shears, you have to open and shut the blades with every stroke. This might not seem like much trouble, but pinking shears are heavier than regular scissors and more difficult to use. If you have any kind of arthritis in your hands, you'll want a pair with the spring action. Or even if you just have a large project ahead of you, with lots of fabric to be cut out. You'll be grateful for the spring action by the time you're done.That said, these pinking shears are a bit touchy. On average, they seem to last about three years before needing replacement. This is my third pair in ten years, but then again, I do cut a lot of thick fabrics, like denim and twill. They really don't like that. They'll do the job, but they get stuck at times and you have to pry the blades open.For those who aren't aware, they do require cleaning and oiling to keep the spring action running smoothly. Use a pipe cleaner to dust in between the blades, then place a drop or two of sewing machine oil onto the round part between the blades, near the handle. Then act as if you're cutting something, so the oil can work its way into the gears. Make sure you cut a piece of scrap fabric with them after oiling, so you don't accidentally drip any excess oil onto your nice fabric. A sign that they're getting old and need to be replaced is that the spring action stops working and you find yourself oiling them constantly, trying to get them to work.I give them four stars, because they are a pain to use when the blades stick. And you'd think they'd last longer than three years without needing to be replaced. But they're such a necessity in the sewing room, you really can't live without them. Highly recommended!
Be careful with these, because the ink will NOT stay on! It smears very easily, and is definitely NOT waterproof! It washes off right away. I even tried coating it with water-resistant spray, and it still didn't work. Such a disappointment.
the package containing the beads is about 1" by 1" MAYBE a little bigger it is VERY disappointing considering I payed $11 for PLASTIC BEADS
I bought this to dye a scarf i had my fav color pink, to match my hat and gloves. The instructions were simple and the color came out beautifully. The only problem is the color came out much lighter than expected. Its a soft baby pink, not a deep pink as described.
I recently got around to using this product... I was a little surprised. I've worked in shipping and receiving on and off for years. The product didn't appear to be any more then a standard roll of 2" heavy duty clear packing tape. I was expecting something a little different being as this is for book repair... maybe something acid free.I used it, it works for the purposes required, we'll see for how long, but I could have just used packing tape I already have since there didn't appear to be any real difference.
I purchased a number of these machines to resell and have had problems with 2 out of 5. One truly had a mechanical problem and the other did not come with a manual! This is very inconvienent for reselling since I am responsible for a product that is said to be OK except for cosmetic problems. There were more problems than that!
This dress form can be suitable for early fashion designing, but not compared to professional ones. Although, I think this one is great!
It was manufactured to arrive sub assembled so all you have to do is bolt on the legs and insert the drawers. I didn't expect it to be a great hard wood bench for this price but I didn't expect something this cheaply made.It arrived in pieces: all the glue joints broken, the air gun nails pulled out, and pieces bouncing around everywhere. Since I have the shop and tools, I decided to reassemble it rather than take the time to put in a claim and return it.The framework is made of cheap soft press board, glued and air gun tack nailed together. I ended up disassembling the whole thing, re-gluing in, clamping it and putting it back together with screws because the wood is so soft.Then I discovered the bolt holes on the legs didn't line up with the threaded inserts on the frame. They were off by 1/4" to 3/8 inch so I had to drill new holes to get the bolts to thread in.According to the label on it, it's made in the PRC. It's a cheap piece of junk, made to look good with laminates. I don't recommend anyone buy this. Actually I recommend you NOT buy it.
I couldn't get it to work, and I belong to Mensa. Couldn't even get it back together. Why would Golf USA/Amazon/Goilf Projects International sell this junk?
I ordered two of these so I could trim my mustache when away from my higher quality comb and scissors that I keep in my bathroom. You are always away from them when you find that one wild hair, right? They work well enough. The scissors are sturdy, sharp, and tuck nicely into my computer bag. The "free" comb included is poorly made, bends easily, and is an ugly gray color. But it does its job well enough. And the package is so inexpensive that basic functionality is all I expect of it. It meets this expectation. I bought two.
BUYER BEWARE! This seller scammed me! I ordered 4 boxes of 13x19" Epson Ultra Premium Presentation Paper (5 star grade) as it shows in the picture but when I got them, the boxes said 11x17" Premium Presentation Paper (3 star grade)!!!The 3 star grade is flimsy like normal generic paper, not stiffer cardstock like the Ultra Premium. Terrible, will never do business with again!
I first saw the eyelet setting tool used on one of the crafting programs on TV and I witnessed the moderator making holes after using the spring action a couple of times. I thought this is just what I've been looking for and I could put away my hammer. However, after using the spring action on the eyelet setting tool 5-6 times and still no holes, I gave up and returned the product.
this is not what I expected, I wanted a shorter reel as far as height goes, it is hard to store and heavy, I hardly use the stuff I wanted the paer to be not so tall.
The description states I should receive 11 different colors of 3mm beads containing 20 beads each, totaling 220 3mm crystals. I only received 5 different colors of 3mm crystals, totaling 100 3mm crystals.It states in the listing I should receive 5 different colors of 6mm beads containing 10 each, totaling 50 6mm crystals. What I received was 4 different colors containing 10 each, 40 total 6mm crystals.Here's the odd part... It also states I should get 11 bags of 4mm beads containing 30 crystals each, or 330 4mm crystals. What I received was 22 bags of 4mm crystals containing 20 beads each, which is a total of 440 4mm crystals.Conclusion? I should have bought the lot of 500 4mm beads for more than $10 cheaper... Not worth it!UPDATEAfter posting this review, I got an email from LK saying "Thanks for let us know the changing description. I just checked and corrected it. Please accept our apology for this unexpected problem." No offer to fix the problem, just 'I'm sorry"...
I purchased &#34;1000 4mm Bicone Swarovski 5328 Crystal Beads 25 Colors,&#34; according to the vendor's description on Amazon. The Swarovski label moved me to make this purchase. I just received my purchase, and I am alarmed. This is the label on the package: &#34;wholesale 1000 4mm Bicone, 28 crystal beads 25 colors, NEW.&#34; There is no assertion that the crystals are Swarovski as promised. Unlike other Amazon purchases from vendors I have made of Swarovski crystals, this purchase does not label the crystals as Swarovski. To the vendor: did you sell me Swarovski crystals? Please respond.
After reading the other reviews stating these were mini sticks, I ordered them, since that's what I need. THESE ARE NOT MINI STICKS. "Mini" and "Standard" are labels referring to the diameter of the stick, not the length. These are 4" standard-sized. If you have a gun which needs a 10" stick, these will not work. If you have a mini gun, these will not work, since the diameter is too large.
I bought these hooks on the advice of two favorable reviews. I can't see the reason they were rated so highly. There is nothing really wrong with them, but I don't think that they are worth the price.
I bought this paper to stuff purses that I make, and it works great for that. It's a perfect weight to add bulk while still being shapeable. I've also to make patterns for hats and Halloween costumes.Be careful if you are using it for art projects though. I used the white for wrapping presents and had to use 3 layers to completely obscure the contents. Doesn't seem like it would tolerate paint or glue well.
if you need essentially a ton of circular needles in every size on the cheap but can't shell out the dough yet for a good set of similar interchangeables like KP harmonies (which i've heard both good and bad things about) or takumis (and when i can afford those i'll be SO HAPPY!!!), these will do in a pinch. i mean, they're cheap, which is good. the joins are rough, which other people have mentioned. it hasn't been an issue for me yet. what has been an issue for me is that after one usage i've already ruined my 8's. the tips are pitted to hell and back, as though the bamboo was just too soft. i've sanded them down some but i'd have to REALLY go down too far to fix them. and to argue with other reviewers, mine were NOT too dull. i love duller needles, like takumis. these are so pointy i've actually slipped and hurt myself. the cables are made with hollow tubing, kind of like what you would find if you were hooked up on IV's at the hospital, and some are really sticky for some reason and i can't get the yarn to slide over them. i've tried soaking but that seems to make them worse. i've coated them thinly in bag balm, and that helped a little. on the bright side, because of the type of cables used, they don't need to be straightened. you can take these guys out of the package and use them right away. on the negative side, that's after you figure out which package the needle you want is in. the packages aren't labeled, the needles aren't stacked in size order, and sometimes you have to open a bunch of packages just to find the size you need. a better packaging system would have been really great. i mean, even just writing the needle size in sharpie on the outside - don't care. but like i said, you get what you pay for. these are good needles to tide you over until you can afford better needles. for the price you pay for these, you can only buy 3 takumis. if you need a lot more than three needles... i suggest picking these up until you have the money saved up for something better.
This is a great set of markers, deep colors that last. Great for art class, there are better markers out there but dollar for dollar these make my daughter feel like her art work pops off the page
I purchased these for my daughter. She uses them often in her artwork, and they have everything she needs for Xacto knives. I like the box and the way that they are stored.
This is a large, heavy, well built punch. I haven't had it for long, but, so far, it works very well, taking little effort to punch through lots of paper. I do find, however, that upon depressing the handle fully to complete the punch stroke that my hand seems to be a little further down than I had expected, with my knuckles pushing into the stack of paper that I was punching. This is not a big deal, but it feels a little awkward, so it seems like a bit of a design gaffe.
I purchased this item when looking for a source for good quality colored wool. I love the wool but was disappointed when I found the exact same thing at Michaels for about $4.50 (regular price). If you don't have a source near you, this would be a good option but if you have a craft store that actually carries wool felting supplies, I'd check there first.
My wife has an old singer sewing machine and the bulb could not fit out of the box in the socket. I had to use a dremel to thin the contacts a little because they were somewhat bigger. After fixing it, the bulb rotated and got in place.
nice,reaLLY GOOD quality product,buy it,, my relative will be so excited.......to get this as a gift ...really awesome ,wonderfulAwesome
This is my favorite ruler when cutting fabric for quilts. Along with the June tailor shape cut ruler. This will help to have extra fabric when I need it.
the flame adjustment dont not really work on the one i ordered but this little torch lights every time without fail.
The package came and out came a wrapped metallic item as big as a postage stamp, but 3 layers thick.Thought it might be some magnets I'd ordered, but nothing stuck to it.Finally managed to unfold the tiny hinges into an inch or so height 10x magnifying stand.Suppose if you're going to look at small insects this is ideal.
...the shoulder strap didn't pull loose the first time I used it, the zipper pulls didn't turn sideways, and if the design didn't lead to a front heavy bag, causing it to not set up straight without futzing with it and causing the front of the bag to pull inward and downward.That said, I am keeping it and will do a few modifications because overall I really like this bag. I think the zippers and hardware will wear out long before the bag parts do, but there is just something about it that makes me want to carry it. If you aren't willing to make a few sacrifices to have the organization that this bag offers, then I wouldn't buy it.I doubt that I would buy it again, but it is here and I can't seem to send it back.
It took me a little bit to get used to this new machine. The stitch memory can actually be a pain when you want to do a different stitch. However, as I learn more about the machine the more I love it. It is easy to use and easy to learn. it is easy to thred the bobbins and the machine. It has a wonderful amount of stiches and back stitching is super easy. I dont like the lever for raising the foot though. I worry that I will break it because it doesnt seem sturdy. Everything else is great though. Its very light weight and I love the attachment to make the base wider.
This works really well for trimming fat off chicken and fins off fish and so on.It fell apart once while cleaning which is when I realized that it can be taken apart.I like the feature and its easy to put back together once you figure it out the first time.
Quality is great. Just wish I could receive this item a bit faster.
The burgundy turned out amazingly in this, it was exactly what I needed. Unfortunatly the frosting tasted stale and old, when I know it was fine beforehand. Work on the flavor, keep the great coloring.
Love this machine. It is easy to carry as it is light weight but it does a great job. It is as good as a heavy duty machine
This is a really cute cartridge but I never used it. I hated the uppercase B as it is top heavy and I thought it looked strange. I think this is one that would be good for baby or kid projects though.
Our oldest child had been wanting to learn Origami so we got this for him to learn with and we now have an Origami making machine. Only knock is that the paper is same color both side (traditional Origami paper is white on the back) but that doesn't affect most things you do.
After a couple weeks (of a fairly loud hum that made me think the dishwasher was running ALL the time), the bucket stopped turning. A sticky residue built up and the little wheel rotated, but the bucket wouldn't stay in the groove and turn. Returned it - looking for a better one.
This punch is a great addition to my collection. It's different from my others, which use a thumb-button. But it is comfortable in my hands and cuts cleanly every time. I print information on colored paper and then use the punch to cut out the words and phrases. It's a great way to spice up photos and crafts without spending big bucks for specialty stickers. Believe me, the craft stores sometimes rob you blind. Buy your own punches and you won't regret it!
I've ordered these silver cotton-filled gift boxes more than once, because they're perfect for displaying jewelry... bracelets, key chains, pendant necklaces and small collectibles. They're a perfect size, and reasonably priced, so my customers receive their purchased items boxed for free, and ready to give to friends and loved ones.These boxes are so attractive, that store customers walk right over to my display to see what's nestled in the cotton. I attribute many sales to these 2" deep, 3.75" square, versatile and lovely gift boxes.I'm also very appreciative to the seller for consistently providing fast, safe shipments.Many thanks from a small store owner!!!
I needed to create a large sign to ask someone to a prom. I cut this down into 3 equally-sized sheets, and taped them together. It was so close to being a disaster that it worked.I would use this paper to cover an arts & crafts table in a kid's room, or to make cheap signs. Note that it's not very thick, so it won' stop heavy paint from bleeding through.
I've always had good results with Rit liquid dyes. However, the price here is quite a bit higher than elsewhere on the web.
This Pen is Not Good. This Was My Very First Fountain Pen And iWas Very Very Disappointed With How The Pen Has A Problem With The Ink Flow And You Are Planing To Buy This Pen I Wouldn't Recommend It To Any Body.
I've had this Quartet easel for a few months now holding up a flipchart for a few hours once a month. I was initially disappointed to see it uses twist-locks on the legs, but I thought it would only be an annoyance. Wrong. Despite being careful/gentle with my twists, the 2nd time I used it and tried to collapse the legs when done, I needed to use pliers to loosen the twist-lock on one leg. And now, a month later pliers wouldn't even work to loosen and collapse TWO of the legs.Note: Prior to this one I had the lighter weight version that used cam click locks for the legs. I loved that one, but I lost it somehow and THOUGHT I'd be upgrading to get this heavier-duty version. Boy was I wrong.
I bought this stand to fix my micro rc heli, and it was almost perfect, but not quite.Not much to this really, just a stand with two (tight) alligator clips and a magnifying glass on a relatively heavy base. The problem is pretty much every piece of this stand pivots. This is good one hand that you can adjust everything, but bad because really even tightened all the way, some joints may pivot without you wanting them to, thereby causing the stand to fall over.The stand would have been perfect if the main bar had some way of locking into place, but even so it's 5 bucks, I can't complain much.
Do not like the shape of this case. Too large for my sewing machine. I llke the simple one with rounded four corners without so many ridges.
Although having an ultra thin spatula is a must when using the Cricut, I find that this product could use some improvement. During the first use, I already noticed how the spatula would also pick up the adhesives from the mat, and that's probably not good for the longevity of my mat. Also, I would prefer that the spatula blade be longer, especially when working with a larger piece. But for the price on Amazon, it's better than buying this tool at a craft store.
As someone who is getting back into sewing, buying this refurb'd Singer was the best value to test for long term interest before investing big bucks. One quilt down, now know why the Up/Down feature is truly necessary for quilters. Great feature. Love playing with all the decorative stitches...no more hand applique for me. Easy to change stitches and size. On the negative, lighting is inadaquate and threading is not always smooth, can hang up on machine edges (maybe it is me?). I have used this machine for many hours in the last two months to be sure it works since the refurb warrenty is less time than a new model. Have had no problems.
The tip withered and frayed after only light use, it's an affordable alternative for a beginner who isn't concerned with precision but it is not an adequate replacement for a genuine calligraphy set.
I bought this kit, and a few others like it, to teach my young daughters to cross stitch. they are very young to be learning and I knew this kit would be challenging. The pros: The design is simple and the directions clear and easily read by children. Cons: the x's are too small. I've been stitching for 33 years and found these tiny x's hard to stitch evenly. For beginners, the x's should be larger. The eye of the needle is small and hard to thread. Finally, (and I do not think this complaint is limited to these kits as I've noticed it with every kit I've bought in the past few years)...the thread is horrible. It knots and shreds very easily. My daughter lost her whole first row of stitches because of one knot. We will choose new thread in similar colors from my stash of quality threads that aren't so thin and fragile.
I got tired of having thing fall off of my fridge so I purchased these. They are super strong! Almost hard to get off though. I would def buy them again though. I wish I had more to construct cool things on my fridge...Pros: Super strong!Finish that dosn't come offDecent amount in the packageCons: Small!Hard to get off due to strength and size.
When the ex left the machine went with her. This sewing machine is lighter, does more and is easier to use. Great buy.
Somehow, for the price, I didn't expect this to be so well made. It's solid, even a bit heavy, and very well-made.
I got these needles months ago as a gift from my mother. She got them on sale. I've done a couple of pairs of socks, finished off a hat, and used them as a cable needle for a scarf. They were the first DPNs I used. The only other kind of DPNs I've used since are metal.Wood Quality: I only *just* bought a set of Takumi needles so I haven't knit with them yet but M. Fugami is right. Takumi needles are smoother than the Oriental Touch needles. I like that my stitches don't just slide off of these needles but if you knit tightly or need to knit tightly for a project it could slow you down.I ended up staining the size three needles when I knit some black yarn with it. Be careful to keep it from anything that has a color/ink that will rub off on things.Points: The points of the smaller needles are sharper than the points of the larger ones. I think that's why some reviews say they're too blunt and others say they're too sharp. You'll want to use point protectors on the sharper ones.Overall: I've been happy with them and they suit how I knit.
I was excited as was the staff in my office. We do so much hole punching that we thought an electric hole punch would releive us of constant manual labor. I figured for the price we would have no problems. But I was amazed to find out that it can't punch through papers if they have staples. Almost all of the papers we file have staples so the machine is pretty much usseless to us. Also, it doesn't even come close to puching what it states is the max number of papers. Plan on half. Also. Paper chips don't all make it in the recepticle. If you pick it up you'll have little bits of paper everywhere. It was disappointing to say the least. Back to the manual hole punch.
It's a leaker...I need to keep the spout over a small container or it drips all over everything.
I am very pleased with this product. The Brother XL26001 Sew Advance Sew Affordable 25-Stitch Free-Arm sewing Machine is perfect for my routine sewing and quilting. It's compact but has the same features as my larger Brother sewing machine. I like it because it very light and it's easy to use. I would reccomend this machine for the beginner or intermideate seamtress who wants a lot of punch but doesn't want to spend a fortune. It would make a good college gift too for a person who likes to sew in their spare time and for making quick repairs to garments, etc.
I used it on a small thin metal button for pants and I tried and tried and it never did fasten. I have not tried it with the small plastic buttons they supplies possibly it works with it but they will not fasten pants. I was disapointed.
Received on time BUTvery poorly made and I received it with the closure brokenI wanted to give this to my granddaughter for her first basket but I wouldn't never give anyone such a cheaply made item as this!Msladyjae
just got my product in the mail yesterday (free 2-day shipping with amazon prime trial? can't beat it). basically, what everyone says about the case is true. MY case was broken before i even got to open the package. the top piece was clearly separated from the bottom IN THE PACKAGE, but oh well. i didn't buy the product for the case so c'est la vie. it's being held together with a rubber band so i really don't care about it not being attached. it holds it just the same.i'm giving this product a 3 based on 3 factors:1) i haven't even used the knives yet (but i AM quite excited for it).2) there was a small amount of rust on one of the blades. but i mean, you get what you pay for.3) the case broke before i even touched it.overall, not a bad product.
This is a good standard glue gun. I've been happy with how well it works. It does leak sometimes, which is a pain, but not too big of a deal. I researched a lot of glue guns, and I'm glad I went with this one.
Maybe because my belt is kind of thick, so I took efforts to punch a hole.But I think it is a good product.
Had I seen the product in person, I would not have paid more than about $5 for it. The stencils are only 3.5" tall and 5.5" wide. Images are so small for coloring. This is why I rarely shop on-line - you never know what quality you'll get. I will keep anyway to see how my niece likes them.The holding case is yellow and not blue. One good thing is the outer case says Made in the USA! I wish all items on Amazon would have an indicator of where it is made so we would know prior to buying.Here is the link to what you really get: http://www.highlights.com/product/stencil-set
I love these pens they come in different size of nibs the only thing is one was broken but It happens, but I still use the other ones which are great! For designing Zentangles!
This gallon of paint does not have a smooth texture, there are lumps in it. My son uses it for body paint at high school sporting events.
The dinky thumb circle makes holding this during use a struggle, causes hand cramps. Your scissors blades will have to have the same grinding angle as Fiskars otherwise no sharpening will occur. Also the overall size of the blade slots means only small to medium blades will fit. My poultry shears by Fiskars with the notched blades won't completely fit into the small slots provided. Maybe if you place the item in the jaws of a vise or vise grip pliers you can hold and use it easier. They should make a larger model for full size shears, or re-design this product.
Brother XL2610 Free-Arm Sewing Machine with 25 Built-In Stitches and 59 Stitch FunctionsOk machine, good for beginners
i was very pleased with the speed and condition of the ink. thank you so much and will watch for more of your sales.
I bought a euro-pro machine for my eight year old. The foot pedal is not in the box and I have been trying for two weeks to order a new one. The number for the product is busy always and they are not very helpful. She can't use the product without the accessory that is missing. Someone please help me. The internet is not helpful either. Please give me some useful advice on where to get this missing part. thank you cathy yerbich
This machine is GREAT. Everything is spelled out and very user-friendly. It comes with a nice directional book, LOTS OF PICTURES. Everything you really need to get started is in the first few pages. It goes on to talk about how to use a gathering or quilting foot, which was really helpful! I hadn't sewn for a while so it was nice to see that they explained which stitches were best for certain projects or fabrics. It has never jammed or anything. I have had no problems with the lower threading. The accessories that come with it are great. I haven't gone through all of them yet, but I noticed a screwdriver, extra needles, bobbins, different feet, a few extra bobbins, and a few other really helpful things. I grew up sewing on a 30 year old singer, so the bobbin and lower threading system were amazingly simple to me. You just wind the bobbin and drop it in, slide the thread back and your're done. I bought this on Cyber Monday on an impulse, and I am SO glad I did. I use it all the time. Just take a quick read through the directions when you get it, and you're off!
Ordered the Xacto X5282 Basic Knife Set for my grandson. It is a fabulous value, and the variety and quality of the blades takes me back to my childhood when I had my first set for wood-carving.
I have used self healing mats before and this one as just as good as all the others. The quilting ruler is larger than most sold on Amazon, and that's the main reason I purchased this set.I was skeptical about the rotary cutter, as I have always used Olfa products, but it works just as well. Overall I'd recommend this set to a beginning quilter; it has all the tools you'd need to begin your first quilt and the quality is pretty great!
the product is nice, BUT the fabric is plain blank, so, u have to use the chart which is on the paper. count and figure out yourself everything.. which i don't like since it will take forever!!! i like preprinted fabric with the design to follow. it's much easier, more fun and faster. i am gonna return it
Not happy - light box arrived but did not work. After sourcing another globe and replacing it the light box worked but only on and off. It flickered all the time. Went and bought a third globe but still not working. I threw it out!!
I ordered these to for use in making armor. I needed some round headed, solid brass rivets, and there were enough here to do the job. I ordered two bags, and I got about 12 each of 4 different rivets in each bag. So glad the seller had these. Saved my bacon...and made the armor look sweet!
I recently purchased a singer model 6038, for my wife for one her Christmas gifts.I received it today 12-2-03.Wow, it is missing the manual and the instruction book.There was also no power cord inside, or a foot pedal.There was no instructional video.Then when I took a good look at the machine. There was a long yellow melted spot where they must have put a lit cigarette while they were fixing it. Then before putting a bag over the machine it was wiped down with an oily car rag. And the inside of the box smells like pee. And now I get to pay to ship it back.
Almost a year using my sewing machine is very light easy to carry , really nice present for xtmas .
Purchased product to remove scratches from my glasses. (Had read on eHow that this was effective) It didn't make the situation was, but didn't do what I hoped. Probably works fine for intended use.
I am new to the Cricut world and when shopping for items found they were a little high price. Reviewed Amazon and found this bundle and it is a good deal! Once I got the item, found out that the cutting mats were for the Cricut and not for the Cricut Essential machine. Contacted the company and they would not swap the 6X12 for the 12X12 mats without me spending lots more money. I think they could of swapped with me and I pay the postage but there was no negotiating.
I hadn't done any sewing for a long time. It was easy to start up again knowing I hadn't made a huge investment in the machine. I trust Singer and this model has lots of bells and whistles for the price. I think the instruction booklet could be improved but overall, it answers my questions.
I bought this machine because it was inexpensive,...but I should have saved a bit more. Its a nice one for a beginner but it has a computerized internal chipboard as opposed to the real deal inside. So, it is a bit shaky when sewing and the bobbin has a tendency to bunch up. Overall I can do basics with it but will most likely be upgrading soon.
Works ok for some items, but not for others. You have to be careful because if the product does not hold up (i.e. holds up for a while but eventually falls down) you can damage whatever it is you're hanging.Thankfully, I hung my stuff up on a carpeted area so my frame was not damaged when it fell overnight while I was sleeping.Can't really recommend since it does not perform consistently. Might as well put a nail in the wall and dry plaster over it if you want to be sure. Otherwise, you may find wall hangings permanently damaged.
bought this machine from Wallmart when my old serger broke in the middle of sewing a project. Did not read any reviews until after I had sewn on it. I found it excellent, and much less in price than I had expected to pay. I bought my first serger in the 70's a Juki and it was a devil to thread - traded it in . for a MyLock in about 85 - neither of them had differential feed . I like this one lot and think it is a good value .
I've had this machine for 4 months. I've sewn a couple dresses, mended a few things, made a baby quilt and bumper, and a diaper bag. It's performed AWESOMELY! I put a piece of carpet in the bottom of the diaper bag--it sewed through that no problem! It sewed 8 layers of cotton(5) and fleece(3) together (slowly) but with NO problems. I've never had a machine sew this well on thick stuff. Obvioulsy, you have to go slow--but common sense tells you that. I had problems with the tension one time, but it was because I didn't load the bobbin correctly. I love the 'one stich at a time' feature. It's very lightweight, easy to carry from one place to the other. The quilting table is handy, although it doesn't SNAP in as well as I'd like it too. No big deal though. I love that once the bobbin is loaded, it's loaded. You don't HAVE to draw up the thread--you can, but it draws it up itself once you start sewing. I LOVE that you can see the bobbin and tell how much thread is left. This machine is easy to use--ergonomics are great!!!!!!
In my new hobby of quilting I would have to say that this is a necessary tool. The board was much bigger than I thought it would be. Easy to see guidlines. This is not a toy. It is a tool. You can cut layers of fabric at one time. Shipping from this seller was very fast. I had ordered other things from another seller prior to this order and I got this one first.
I was searching for a good dye for nylon, the product says it is great. I tried it, did everything it asked, and no good results, poor product.
I guess the title of my review tells you my only complaint about these clay cutters. These cut clay well, as they should, but for some reason they put the metal seam on the long side of the rectangles - instead of at the corner of the rectangle where it wouldn't be as noticeable. Fondant cutters in rectangle or square shapes have the metal seam at the corner but they were more expensive. I went with these clay cutters anyway and that's my only peeve is that the metal seam makes that long side of the rectangle irregular, I have fiddle with it and try to smooth it out of the clay.
I bought this book because I had heard it was a great reference. It has proven to be a useful addition to my adventures.
I used to sew on my mother's knee when I was a young girl, but hadn't touched one since my old singer died when I was 8. I decided that I wanted to start sewing again, and bought this as my first machine. Boy, was that a mistake! The first machine I bought was broken out of the box. I returned it and received a machine that was missing most of the accessories advertised on the box. Returned that one and (finally!) got a machine that was working ... at least, at first. The machine seemed sturdy, and I didn't really have trouble with the speed or threading things. However, my stitches were always loose and uneven, no matter how I adjusted the tension wheel. I adjusted the tension in the bobbin holder, and this seemed to work at first, but then I started having the same problems again. When I was messing with the machine for the umpteenth time, I took a few screws off to see what was going on with the inner workings and discovered that the tension wheel was completely broken. It was made out of very cheap plastic and had completely snapped off. I spoke over the phone with customer service, but the representative didn't seem to believe that the machine was actually broken and kept insisting that adjusting the tension was very simple and that I must be doing it wrong. When I checked at a machine repair shop, the price they told me to fix the machine was more than it had cost in the first place. In the meantime, I never once worked on a project with this machine without tearing out each seam two or three times and ending up in tears. It could turn a 2-hour project into an 8-hour tooth-grinding, knuckle-popping death march that ended with a mediocre finished project that I was embarrassed to claim as my own. Happily, I wised up and bought a singer, and now I'm able to breeze through projects and concentrate on design without being distracted by a cheap, broken machine.
Great quality fabric, looks nice, doesnt look cheap, The stamp is great, and is clearly stamped. Cant wait to get started on this, however only downfall I can see, I think the way the thread is done can use work. Took an hour to separate all the colors
Sometimes the machine jams and the stitches really aren't clean on some of the patterns. It is good for the money.
This is good dye (I think.) But its expensive. They don't tell you that only dyes up to 1/2 lb of fabric per packet. Keep that in mind when you order it.
I ordered this chair for my 7 year old daughter (who is on the small size) for her desk. It states for ages 5-8. NO WAY!! I received the chair today and was in shock to see how small it was!! My 5 year old twins are even to big for it!! Although it seems to be a well made chair, it would ideally fit a child ages 1-4. They should change the age decription so people dont have to go through the problem of returning this item time and time again!
This is a decent product. I own one myself. The only problem I have, is that some small objects can move to different compartments if the container is moved around.The real issue is the price. It's ridiculous. I bought mine at my local Walmart for about $10-$12. Also, it is nowhere near 15.2 pounds. I'd say it's well under 5 pounds.
Too big to fit on washer or dryer . What the foor ? not recommended
I've known about these since the early 90's, and had one for 10 years. My old one developed a small hole in it, so it would'nt hold butane anymore. The piezzo still works,after 1,000's of lights. If there is anyway to send it back to the factory to get a new butane reservoir, I would. In the meantime,I purchased a new one.
Did not fit sewing machine as I expected. I thought when I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my wife that it was a match for the sewing machine I bought for her.
This review relates to the product named "50 Steel Split Rings Key Chain Connector Parts 20mm", sold by FindingKing.I should have taken note of the review by Brian Hughes dated June 10, 2010. I had the same experience as Brian.The metal quality lacks sufficient tensile strength for its intended use.Once a key has been put on a ring, the ring is permanently deformed.Exactly as Brain Hughes stated "... they end up sprung -- the layers don't spring back together ...".At any price this product is defective. Amazon should delete this product from its website. Why does Amazon allow this defective product to stay on its website for 18 months?
This product was not as expected. The bristles are very stiff and not workable. Some of heads fell of the handles the first time in use.They are not a good product for acrylic paints as the brush does not load properly to alleviate the brittle brush strokes leaving lines in the end product.These were purchased for students using art at a youth level 3-6th grade and unfortunately, although the price is good, the product would not with stand repeated use.
update: i sewed on this machine for 7 months. at the end of seven months, the plastic makings of this machine simply could not hold up to my intense sessions of doing fiber art on it. we had to switch to a machine with metal innards that was just stronger straight across the board. it is an industrial machine and it only straight stitches. i found out i do not need all these extras on a machine but instead need a workhorse of a machine which does straight stitching hour after hour, day after day, etc., and holds up to the hard use. that is not this machine. however, this is not the intended use of the machine so it may well be still 4.5 or 5 stars for someone who does not need a work horse machine. i did learn on sewing forums online that sewers who want workhorse machines in general do not buy plastic machines.my original review is below:there are over a thousand reviews on this product and the amazon consumer reviewers have given it a 4.5+ rating collectively. I cannot add much to what they have said. However, I have just resumed sewing after many years of not sewing. This machine made it just like getting back on a bike after years of not riding. I've only owned it a few months and have already turned out lots of projects. make sure you register on the Brother website as it has online virtually all of the info you might need to solve minor problems with it. i don't really use all of these special features as i do fiber art projects. the main thing i need day in and day out is straight stitching which just keeps going and going through many layers of fabric without breaking down. this machine does that. if you are a fiber artist, it should meet your needs.
This is a great tool to help those of us who are color challenged! I bought it to use for home decorating ideas and to know what colors look good together. The front of the wheel shows the color groups and it explains; one-color scheme,two-color scheme, multi-color schemes, and related (analogous) colors. The back has a full description on how colors work together. I would recommend this to anyone interested in learning more about color.
Fiskar's is a good brand. This blade replaces easily with my Fiskar's Rotary Cutter blades and made nice cuts the first few weeks. Already after half a dozen uses, however, the blade is getting noticeably duller and I have to press harder than before. I'm not doing anything too mind-blowing, just normal fabric cutting. Since I like the idea of patterned rotary cutting, I will probably buy again. I just wish it stayed as sharp as my other blades.
My only experience with self-healing mats are those made specifically for fabric, so maybe this doesn't apply if you're buying it for another purpose. This mat is nicely made and has clear markings. The problem is it is really hard and so doesn't really &#34;heal&#34;. I've used it to cut about fifty quilt squares and it now has a mark where I was cutting. Because of this, I'm also a little concerned about how quickly it will dull my rotary cutter.
I bought this kit, because I was considered starting cross-stitching as a new hobby and wanted to try and see whether I like it.The scheme and the instructions for the stitches are clear, but, since the item is obviously aimed at the beginners, I feel it should also include some tips on how to tie the thread when you are finishing the work (my knots ended up looking quite ugly).Otherwise, I think the kit is very good and I had a lot of fun stitching this puppy.
I really love my Brother sewing machines, of which I have 3. The Pacesetter NX400, the 1500 portable professional machine, and a computerized industrial. Unfortunately, this foot does not fit my machine. I wish it did. There are so many cool things you can do with a ruffler foot. I may have to find a generic model to fit it.
I expected a better quality product for the price I paid for this item. It comes in a very cheap container that does not hold the contents securely. Appears to be made from cardboard. Very poor quality. The brush hairs are already coming out and it hasen't even been used yet. It was also packaged poorly and arrived soaking wet. The paper that comes along with this product was also poor quality.
The color of these foil is great but it says that its thin so I expected just colored foil without paper on the back. So I dont know if there is out there just colored foil or not but this one is not what I needed.
I bought a bunch of these rhinestone iron ons for my self and my bridesmaids. I did the bridesmaids shirts first and they all worked perfectly. This one however, some of the adhesive wasn't on the rhinestones when i opened the package therefor I was not able to iron them all on. I just wish it worked like the other ones I had bought. The rhinestones that did adhere stayed on though.
Inner plastic boxes do not come as pictured, you need to spend 20 minutes (which adds to the price) to build them and put the white stickers on. After built, they look cheap and not durable. Disappointed, will not buy again, but, perhaps, it will do the job for now (that is why 2 stars, not 1).
Can't give it any high rating b/c product wasn't for my own use, I don't like to leave ratings for products that I don't personally use, but the person that requested it didn't give me any negative feed back so this product apparently met their needs.
Length:: 0:17 MinsThis Surebonder "Dual Temperature Full Sized Glue Gun" is a good replacement for an older (different manufacturer) model we had in our shop. Here are my observations:Pros -+ Takes Full Sized Glue Sticks; useful since we use our glue gun for production in my wife's small business+ High\Low Setting; useful for bonding a wide range of materials with different temperature rated glue sticks+ Full Sized; fits my big hand well and large trigger gives good control+ Stable Base; prevents tip overs+ Includes Stand With Drip Plate; useful when used on "High" setting to catch glue blobs+ Built-In Stand; also has built-in flip down standCons -- Will tend to drip on "High" setting, but not much of an issue on the "Low" stetting or when using the included standOverall, I am very pleased with the features and value of this glue gun.Recommended!CFH
I bought this stamp kit at a craft store when I lived in Ohio. I got it on sale, but it well worth the regular price! It is great. Has awesome designs! I had to give it up when I moved (no room in the moving van) but I am buying another now!
Like the other two reviewers, I loved this table and chairs when it first arrived. It is so lovely, with the cute pastel chairs. Unfortunately, after 6 months it's not so lovely anymore because the paint is chipping off all the edges. I'm very sad because what did look like a charming table and chair set for a reasonable price now looks tattered after half a year. Compare that to the pine set from IKEA that we've had 3 years that still looks brand new for a third of the price. If you do decide to buy this set, I would recommend applying a protective coat of polyurethane or similar to minimize paint chipping. Also, my husband used an electric screwdriver to assemble the set and the chair backs split in several places when the screws went in because of cheap wood. I would recommend using a hand tool and a light touch. I can't say I wouldn't recommend the set but I would recommend taking the above steps to avoid trouble ahead. It is super cute and the kids love having the four chairs for more kids, dolls, imaginary friends, etc.
I always liked to purchase Hammermill as I understood it to be a nice, friendly planet-friendly product by using recycled papers from the dumps of our counrty or someone's country and I was willing to pay and preserve our Earth as we only have this one, and I do NOT care what you Rocket Scientists clain about inhabiting another planet someday...it will NEVER happen, so, let's save what we have and take as many but our resourses to good use and re-use.BUT! There's always a but, in the soup, I ordered a few packages, and ohmigod the shipping I can never do this again...I thought that 20 pounds ould be heavy but, I have never paid so much for a delivery of $18.00 so that's the end of mail-out paper buying, as I just bought three reams of H.P Quality Copy / print paper at WAL-MART for $3.59 ea. with NO S&H.;Thanks Frank Wal!Well, I had the same experience buying three "string-instrument chord books which are very thin and pocket sized for a few bucks each and they usually costs $5.95 ea., but he seller would NOT combine them into one box and save me the money, but he said:"There's nothing I can do, Amazon sets the S&H; rate at $3.99 per item.Well, BS, as I would have sent the three educational pocket books and sent them by "U.S.P.S. Media Mail and reimburse the buyer the $7.98 extrain the Shipping package as that is what I do anyway, as I am NOT EVER going to "P~R~O~F~I~T~E~E~R", on anyone I sell to!!!I announce in any place that I sell that the over charge of S&H; money is returned to the buyer as the Shipping money (allowance) is for the purpose of delivery of their item(s) to their home for the cost that I paid for the delivery, and that is it, I don't care if Amazon (or anyone, for that matter )gave me a hunderd $$$$ for delivering 25 of these li'l books to anyone...can you imagine the GALL!???But a ram of paper ????? $18.00+ is way too much...way too much for associates to do to each other!Rick of "Fourstrings"
I love this paper. It looks just like a watercolor when I use it. A bit confusing on which side is the whitest side to use
Purchased these to go along with Play Doh play sets for toddler. Fun to add to the set. Great price.
This is OK for quick stitches only and only one directional. It tends to catch if it cannot feed the material. The retailer however was responsive and quick. I would certainly purchase and deal with them again.
I purchased this item when looking for a source for good quality colored wool. I love the wool but was disappointed when I found the exact same thing at Michaels for about $4.50 (regular price). If you don't have a source near you, this would be a good option but if you have a craft store that actually carries wool felting supplies, I'd check there first.
I purchased these pencils after an extensive search for a former "Spectracolor Design" colored pencil now no longer produced by Faber Castell. Finding an artist-grade pencil in a well-blended crimson color was a requirement for an alternative colored pencil for my search. I purchased a box of twelve.Upon the shipment's arrival, I promptly began preparing the pencils using a high-quality artist's pencil sharpener. Time after time and to my frustration, I found the pencil lead would only disintegrate in the sharpener, making it impossible to produce a proper 'point' to the pencil lead. I tried a number of other sharpeners, only to have the same effect.Clearly, the leads of this brand (or batch) of pencil are defective in either manufacture or design. A pencil without a point isn't worth much - whatever the intended use.STRONGLY RECOMMEND AVOIDING THIS PRODUCT.
I have just tried it on 2 cycles with the Ultrasonic machine I purchased on Amazon for $25. It does work!. I have a 10X eye Loupe magnifier and if you own one ( you can buy an eye loupe from a jewelry store for $10-$15), you can see immediately how much cleaner your jewelry is.Before that I tried cleaning also on 2 cycle with hot water and dishwashing detergent. No comparison. The solution made a big difference.
These paints are very watery. I just used them as base colors. I would say that you get what you pay for.
I was disappointed by the "crystal" of these rhinestones. They weren't shiny or sparkly enough for what I was hoping to do. However, I shouldn't complain, since they're not Swarovski crystals anyway. They also didn't adhere very well to surfaces because the bottoms were too smooth (I used super glue). If you're gluing them on, make sure you don't get any glue on the tops of the rhinestones, otherwise the glue will dry and leave marks on them (that are impossible to clean/scratch off).
Although the product details claim the tip does not drip - it still does - once the glue that has dripped down has dried it's easy to pull it off - but still, I was expecting it to be drip free.Also, the stand it comes with is not at all sturdy - you have to be very careful when placing the glue gun on the stand because it is very wobbly. I think I may just lay it down as oppose to using the stand it comes with.
I bought this machine because of the many good reviews, and because a hard case/cover was included. The case is more cover than case, as the machine is not enclosed by the cover, and the cover has no handle, just a hole in the back where you can stick your hand in to carry the machine, much like carrying a cube of soda cans.The machine can be carried in this fashion because it is incredibly light.With only the guidance of the included instruction booklet, my non-sewing daughter was able to wind a bobbin, thread the machine, and try a few decorative stitches. She thought the speed adjustment was a good feature.
Don't know if Olfa's are any better, but I can tell you that unless you buy a blade sharpener, plan on spending boo-coo bucks on blades just to finish your quilt. And don't drop your rotary cutter on a hard floor, the blades will be totally messed up after that. I'm sure that's true with any rotary cutter, so be careful.
The cases are a soft quality cotton and have clear printing on them that makes stitching and attention to detail easy. Highly recommended.
The device illustrated on the website had stacked three of these and had a price next to the devices. Low and behold what came was ONE rack. I pointed out the difference and all hell broke lose! Money returned, apoligies, agast reactions akin to the loss of a child. After a little dust setteling I suggested that I didn't want my money back --just what was presented. The two additional racks arrived. MY credit card bill looks like someone had a fit of credits and charges. You have become so automated you've lost your common sense. The reason I don't shop on line, as much, is the cahos that results when things don't go as planned. A little less hysteria and more human cognitive ability would improve the whole damned system. I have little hope this note will do any good which is proof that I too have become loopy using the system.Goodbye!
I was speechless when I opened the Amazon box to find this tiny package of wool. I guess I don't know what 20g of wool looks like. Before you buy, see the photo I posted so you'll know what you're getting.
I was expecting a selection of colors as per the picture (a little mending kit so to speak) and I received one spool only of black thread. SO misleading!!!!!!
I usually like this brand of toys but I was very disappointed about this scissors. They don't cut well paper. It's very hard for toddlers to manage. I don't recommend it.
It was what I expected. Wish it was larger! Came on time and in good shape. I would order again.
I get that the overwhelming majority of thimble users lack a Y chromosome. But seriously, if an &#34;extra large&#34; thimble will only fit on my pinkie (I have average sized hands for a man), what size should I be looking for? &#34;Super colossal gigantic?&#34; Ridiculous.
Sews okay, although the foot feed is very sticky - that is, it won't go and won't go and then suddenly takes off like a goosed horse. Has several features I don't like much: needle ends stitch in "up" position which makes it hard to pivot; reverse lever is in a different spot than any other machine I have ever seen or used; "decorative" stitches aren't particularly good or decorative; satin stitch width and length is hard to program in, unravels and looks crappy; and, finally, the buttonhole feature has major problems [1] it starts at the bottom of the marked buttonhole rather than the top (hard to see if you are on course) [2] it works backward from any other buttonhole feature I've seen or used and [3] the buttonholes look very amateurish -even after all possible adjustments the stitches are too far apart so that the buttonhole frays and unravels, plus because the feature has a programmed backstitch to start, it often jams. So far these poor quality buttonholes have ruined two or three garments. The whole machine seems over-engineered. Note: I've been sewing mostly clothes for 50 years now and have used many brands of machine, this isn't the worst but it is the worst for the price.
I saw this caddy at Michael's before but I decided to get it from amazon because it is cheaper here. I have to say I really like the design of the caddy. It has the perfect size and there are some holes around the edge of the caddy so u can put ur brushes. BUT, There is a hole at the bottom of the caddy, so when u put water in it later u will find ur caddy actually can pee. Well...I use my glue gun to fix the problem, but I know not everyone has glue gun, and to some ppl they will be really disappointed about this hole. I suggest if you want to get this caddy, you should go to Michael's so u can check the caddy instead of get it from amazon.
I love this machine but am confused as to the stitching choices. Does anyone know how to find the abcdefg listed in the panel on the front machine. The wheel that gives l.2.3.4 etc is okay but the larger wheel has no letters on it. How do I determine the different decorative stitches with no letters on the larger wheel??. I am a quilter and would appreciate all the help I can get, thanks in advance
This is a simple product. Use these crayons on a white board. It takes more pressure than expected to rub the lines off the white board but nothing crazy. Also I expected the crayons to be bigger, but that's not really an issue.If you want to use something crayony on a whiteboard, there is absolutely nothing wrong with these.
These are terrible.The back end do not stretch enough to make it possible to attach them to the end of a sleeve. I my opinion.....they are useless.
Good way to dry sweaters! I like that it can be hung up when not in use! Worth the money!
This is a cute little sowing kit, and works perfectly for the little patch jobs I got it for.The box itself is made out of cardboard covered in material or so it seems. This isn't really a big issue but the first time I closed it one of the sides did bend a bit but it still closes fine and is very cute.The thread spools are not very full though. You will get about 2 to 3 patch jobs out of it depending on the size of the tears.The needles are all the same size and have extremely tiny eye holes, so you may need a threader, which it does not come with.You do get a few safety pins, a ton of pin-pins and a plastic thimble though.All in all worth the price I paid, but is something I would expect to see at a dollar plus store.
Please believe all these reviews. I purchased a lot of 15 of these machines for $30, and I don't have the conscience to sell a single one. I spent 30 minutes trying three different machines, and every single one wouldn't work past one stitch. It's not the user -- it's the machine. I went to this site to confirm it wasn't me, and as you can see from the other reviews...it's the machine. I wish it DID work -- such a neat idea for the little ones.
I purchased this item when looking for a source for good quality colored wool. I love the wool but was disappointed when I found the exact same thing at Michaels for about $4.50 (regular price). If you don't have a source near you, this would be a good option but if you have a craft store that actually carries wool felting supplies, I'd check there first.
Very nice large sheets, Great for image transfer, duplicationof your artwork when you want to create a set. I found it finefor working on wood for pyrography art, it burns to almost a paste,and must be lightly sanded off of your wood burning project.It causes a slight black ridge on the outer edges of the burn line.sanding after burning is a must if you are going to use anycolor in your project.[...]
Product was totally dried out and unusable. From what I read in the other reviews (I read them after I purchased) this was a common problem. Buy something else to get you to the free super saver shipping.
Thank goodness I purchased this product on clearance! It's a terrible first sewing machine for anxious little ones who just want to sew like a grown up!All of the past posts have said it all! I can't tell you how horrible the disappointment was for my little girl. The worst part was that she thought that the fault was hers when it was this horrendous pretense of a Singer sewing machine!After an hour of frustration, I told my little one that we would be shopping for something else to teach her sewing on. As for this one, I told her we could yank the thread and she could "pretend" to sew on it. The action, noise, and semblance of the real deal will appeal to her imaginary play!Please don't bother with this sewing machine!p.s. Shame on you, Singer.... for allowing this awful toy have your name on it! You are souring the sewing experience for the seamstresses of tomorrow!
These were bought with the Fiskars 98887097 No. 5 Softgrip Micro-Tip Craft Scissors for use in embroidery, with the intent to use it in situations where it was necessary to snip floss as close to the fabric as possible. It's performance has been haphazard as it tends to chew the thread rather than cutting it cleanly.This has been the only disappointment thus far with the Fiskars brand.
Overall this is a fairly good machine.PROS:The regular and decorative stitches held their consistancy a lot better than the more expensive Brother model and it was not necessary to change feet for different stitches.Price.CONS:However...that darned 'ol buttonhole thing was doing its aggravation to me and jamming as it did in the more expensive Brother model.This time I called Brother and they tried to help me over the phone. That did not work. Next I took it to a Brother service center. After working with it and having difficulty as I did with the buttonholer, the service man was finally able to "tweek" it a bit and the buttonholer worked. Well, somewhat. One side was beautiful but the other side of the buttonhole used less thread and did not look so good. That effort in itself took going over the buttonhole twice. Also, he told me it was a "cheap" machine and I could expect no better. (Of course, he had some much more expensive Singers and Janomes for sale at his shop!!!Naturally I tried them out and liked the more expensive computerized ones, who wouldn't?)After getting it home, it still gave me problems with the buttonhole thing. Thinking operator difficulty??? I really hate to admit that!Why all this focus on a buttonholer? I like to make my little "let me do it myself" granddaughter , 4 yrs., clothes with buttons so she can dress herself rather than zippers that require someone else to help.Plus, it should just work and not be so difficult!!!Well, I am going to look at some Singer models this week and depending on the overall picture, might be sending this one back.
Doesn't work very well at all. After much fiddling got one button attached but it popped of at first wearing.
You can get a better deal buying in stores. As far as the yarn, I was disappointed the thread was tied at certain points to make this bulk size. I ordered the pound of yarn to make blankets for my first grandchild. I wanted a continuous length of yarn I would not have to tie together and weave in the end pieces. Well I had to weave in the ends in anyway, lol. I was also disappointed that the threads were unravelled at certain points, making the thickness uneven in places. The thread also caught on my chrochet hook which hindered my rhythem/speed. Would I buy this product again? Now that I am aware of its imperfections, yes I would for certain projects. But I'd wait for a buy two for the price of one sale. lol
I love the serger it is everyting I thought it would be. Instructions are clear and easy to understand. The company I bought it from has wonderful customer service.
I thought the stickers would be a lot nicer than they actually were. Waste of $4!
Broke on second use. Spend a bit more and get something better! I didn't even get through the two free glue sticks!
The appearance on the outside of the machine is striking. Indicating something special is in front of you. On closer inspection the exterior coverings seem flimsy and not quiteup to fit and finish caliber that a singer should be,(cost cutting corners are a bad thing.) But you can't judge a book by its cover, set up and sewing are what this sewing machine is made to do and so far I have been very impressed by both, set up is explained very well on a step by step video and booklet.sewing material has been great so far , no complaints.and expect to have this machine for a long time. for the price i paid i can over look the plastic shell.
I am really shocked at just how bad this paper was. I bought it at a local store, thinking it was a good deal. Big mistake! It's not even good for young kids, because they will not be able to learn to match edges properly with this thick and very shiny paper. There's a line between a paper being sturdy and being too thick, and this brand crosses it by a mile. The shiny quality also makes it difficult to crease the sheet without messing up the positioning of the edges.I have been making origami models since I was eight years old and I had trouble getting this paper to cooperate. I can only imagine the bad introduction to origami that this paper would be to a young, less patient child.
My favorite go-to yarn is Lion Brand, but I'm always on the lookout for lovely, cheap yarns. I tried Paton's several months ago when I found it on sale at a craft store nearby. I bought enough skeins to make a winter hat and mittens for myself. I made the Fair Isle hat but have not yet made the mittens, because I got caught up in other projects that I was making for Christmas presents. That hat is one of the warmest hats I've ever had the pleasure of wearing. Unfortunately (or maybe fortunately) our winter here in PA was inordinately mild, so I didn't have many opportunities to wear the hat last year. But I'm hoping for a brisk, cold winter with lots of snow so I can get good mileage out of the hat and mittens this year! ;-)The yarn is really lush and soft and, honestly, just a pleasure to work with. The colors are beautiful and you can actually feel the quality in this yarn. Excellent for beginners to advanced knitters.
Gorgeous patch! Beautiful embroidery. Was shipped quickly as well. Affixed one patch to my backpack and the other to my jeans to fix a sea of holes. Very happy!
The magazine rack pictures a picture on the front. The front and back is plain off-white material. One of the dowels was so badly warped it could not be used. I wrote the manufactor and then gave me a credit immediately.
My seam ripper that was over 20 years old finally broke and I was desparate to find a replacement to use for my upholstery business. I thought I could get by with a cheap replacement,Singer Seam Ripper 4-Inch with Ball and Cover, but unfortunately I got what I paid for. It wouldn't cut a fine hair if it tried and believe me I tried! I had to throw it away and start looking again. I came across this seam ripper and took a chance. I am very pleased with it's performance and quality. I have to cut through upholstery thread and this seam ripper slices through the thick threads and tight stitches like a hot knife through butter. It is much larger than your typical seam ripper, so be aware of that(it's 5 1/2" long). If you don't mind working with a larger seam ripper then this is definitely worth buying.
Arrived quickly. I bought some of this satin cord for a pendant I purchased for my mother. I had recently noticed a friend wearing a lovely silver dolphin around her neck, with a black sweater on, and the cord was virtually invisible. I really like this effect. I also like the fact that you can simply make the length whatever you like, usually long enough to just slip over the head, cut the cord and tie it off, and 'voila', no clunky or clattery hardware to get in your way or to make any noise; nice, soft, and light as a feather. Much better in my opinion than leather. I recommend this product.
After trying it for the first time it did not work. I tried it the second time and it did work and the shirt whent through a washing twice and the button is still attached. If the first plastic attachment does not work, make sure you keep the second one, because you still use it.
Normally I build my own frames and stretch my own canvas across them. I bought these feeling all lazy one day thinking they would be just as good but they weren't. Four of them were okay and the other two were skewed beyond usability. I ended up stripping them of the canvas and applying it to my own frames.
My boyfriend purchased for me, I was delighted! But as soon as you open it, the thread just falls out, there is nothing to hold them in, everytime i opened it I had to spend fifteen minutes cleaning up. So the carrying case is almost useless, maybe it can work left open on your sewing table, and I don't know if its worth it for the thread, but it is the worst design ever. If anyone can tell me any ways to use this and without the spools of thread falling all over the place when opened, I'd love to hear. It is a waste of space.It should be half the price.I don't blame Amazon, this is Singer taking advantage of us sewing fanatics that love nifty accessories!
The canvas i received appears to be of excellent quality, however, when I read reviews on this item i understod two of the reviewers to be saying, that they had received only one, and not six canvases as they had expected. However, they added that the error had been corrected and that they had since received all six canvases. Other reviewers were pleased with their purchase and receipt of six canvases.I took a chance and ordered the item only to be very disappointed when my package arrived and I only received ONE canvas. I am pleased with the quality but not the quantity.I am hoping that this review will prompt a redress.
I purchased this item for my 52 yr old boyfriend. It was so loud ~ he had to put it in his shed. It was leaking by day 2! He extended the days that it should have ran to clean up the rocks & polish them. They just had a small shine to them. We were extremely disappointed.
Searched & read & tried to see pictures of construction of the refills to make sure these "originals" would work in our "original" buttoneer. They don't, but we had no way of knowing that the whole insertion mechanism of the Buttoneer had changed so much and was still being called "original." I'm sure there is nothing wrong with the refills, but we can';t use them in our 30+ year old Buttoneer.
I wish I had researched the size of this thing more before I bought it. If you'r interested in a hot glue gun for projects like making JEWELRY, CARDS, MASKS, and other general crafting then do NOT get this! It's just way too long (distance between your hand and where the glue comes out) and heavy to do any of these things! I can't tell you how well it works because I didn't even take it out of the packaging. I will post pictures up for a size comparison.
This is my first serger and I love it. It was a little tricky to thread but I found some great videos on Youtube that helped alot. It has worked great ever since and I can't believe I have been sewing so long without a serger. I am a big fan of Brother. I have a Brother sewing machine (HE-120) and a printer (MFC 490CW) and both work great and I have had them for 5 and 6 years respectively. Whenever I have a problem I can email brother and they get right back to me with help. My problem is usually solved with one email but sometimes it takes more but it is always solved.This serger was ordered as a replacement for one I purchased the week before from an independent seller. The first machine was not functional and Amazon helped me order a new one (from them) and upgraded me to one day shipping. The replacement has worked like a dream since I unpacked it. I am still learning all about it.
The torch started malfunctioning after a few months. I would turn the valve off but the flame wouldn't go out for several seconds or even longer. This gradually got worse, i.e. it kept burning longer and longer even after turning it off. It reached the point where I considered it unsafe and threw it away.The controls and buttons to light the torch feel flimsy. This could be the root cause.
This product doesn't even deserve one star. Who could pack rusted rings? Not a single one was free of rust. This is sincerely disappointing, if my mom hadn't thrown out the receipt when I was at work I would have sent these back with a piece of my mind. How could someone be so careless, and thoughtless as to sell such a poor product. This is a lack of care and honesty from the company selling this "new" product.. yeah right. At least I found a better quality product and got 200 rings for $15. You should honestly save peoples time and money and stop selling this junk.
I like this pattern but not the color choice so I changed it to a pink and burgundy haven't finished it yet so no pictures.
This is junk! I can't believe I wasted my money. The adhesive gums up and doesn't even stick to your pics or scrapbook material.
Product and shipping were as promised. Seller's contact regarding quantity of wicks was immediate and to my satisfaction and then some! Will definitely shop again!
I've had my Epson photo printer for several years, and so have purchased several of these print packs. Not once has the ink lasted long enough to use up even half of the included paper. Luckily, I have a friend with a photo printer that doesn't require a bundled purchase of ink/paper, so I can give my surplus paper to her. That doesn't assuage my feeling that I'm being ripped off by having to buy paper I don't need, though....
I could pretty much use this sewing machine for basic stuff..It was obvious that thicker fabric, like denim, wouldn't work well with this machine, and I was right. The really bad thing about it was defintely the fact that the thread was not of good quality, it gets tangled around 40-50% of the time, and there is no way of going "inside" the machine.I bought the dressmaker thinking I was taking an easy way out and saving a couple of bucks...But to be honest, this is for quick fixs and/or kids. If you have a kid just starting out, then this is for them. If have anything simple to fix, with straight stitching, this is also for you. ANYONE ELSE: SAVE YOUR MONEY and put it towards a sewing machine that'll last long, and that will do the work right!
The last sewing machine I used was my mother's. It was bought sometime in the 1970s I am pretty sure. This thing is amazing. Smooth, fast, accurate and easy to use. The upper threading is all numbered so you get it right every time. The auto button hole is awesome. I used it to make holes for a draw string in pajama shorts. You put on the buttonhole presser foot, choose the pattern you like, insert the button you are going to use, position and press the start button on the machine. It couldn't be easier. This is going to get a lot of use!My wife also wants to learn how to sew and the instructions for the machine are simple, and even suggest what stitch number to use for certain situations. It's really great. I wish I could give this thing 6 stars.
After tiring of cheap lighters, I went for this one, after hearing how "great" they were. WRONG! After failing to light after 20 or so clicks, it finally lit and then refused to go out. Nothing worked but finally submersing it in water, and leaving it until all the propane vented. Ten weeks of off and on reliability and then kaput. A total waste of good money.
I don't do a LOT of sewing but when I do, I don't want it to be agony. The pinking shears left me by my mother were that. These Fiskars are great!!
This is just a great little beading snip. Small, very comfortable to use, and cuts easily and cleanly. Has the feel of a good quality tool.
This product is sold as 2 kits - Maxi & the Mini kit for $25. Sounds like a good deal doesn't it ? I thought so too - however, you only receive the Maxi kit andAmazon writes: I'm sorry about the problem you had with your "Sheaffer(R) Calligraphy Kit, Set Of 7". I've checked your order and see it was placed with "Marketfair Stationery", a third-party seller on our website. Because Marketfair Stationery 's inventory is constantly changing, we can't replace items sold by them that are Fulfilled by Amazon.And to resolve the problem Amazon offers: Otherwise, if you're interested in keeping the "Sheaffer(R) Calligraphy Kit, Set Of 7", I'd like to offer you a refund of $5.00, which is 20% off the price. To accept this refund, just click the link below to let us know and we'll issue the refund to your Credit Card.And I respond: Let me see if I understand you - the maxi kit is selling for $18.52 and you want me to pay $20 ?I won't be ordering from Amazon without asking some questions first !
I thought for sure this came with the latch hook needed to do this project and it did not...where is it?
Yes, the color and quality of the prints are great, but the ink will NOT last to give you 150 photos. Assuming you start with a perfectly clean set of jets, if you print some and then don't print for a couple of weeks you will have to clean the jets--probably multiple times--before the prints look good again. I guess they get clogged from sitting. That process takes up a ton of ink. I don't even know if you could get a hundred prints out of this if you printed non-stop, but I can tell you that you will probably get more like 50 or 60 prints if you need to clean the jets between printing sessions. That's uncool. They really need to sell the cartridges without paper so one has an option--otherwise the paper is wasted.
Make sure you pay attention to the size instead of the picture. These are very tiny and returning them requires a 15% fee as well as shipping.
I bought this punch the other day because I thought it was a cool idea.I have several thumb punches and they work well and fairly easily. This one is difficult to use. It cuts through, but you really have to push quite hard on it. I also discovered that the flower never fully punches out because there are two notches on opposite sides of each other.After some research I discovered that the notches allow the flower to be folded over for a 3D effect. If the flower is to be used on its own, then it has to be punched out the rest of the way by hand. Not a problem, as long as you know that's what you're supposed to do.That info. should be stated on the package.
I bought this and an extra ink pad for my grandaughter. Both ink pads were dry when she got them. I really ought to get my money back, my daughter is trying to dampen them to use them. I will in the future buy stamp sets, but not the ink pads.
This is an ok machine, especially for light sewing. However, like several others, the hook for the Auto Needle Threader is missing from mine so that feature does not work. Very disappointed that such a feature that Singer touts as a major item for their product would be missing from some machines. This was one of the reasons I bought this model. Singer will not get my recommendation for this sewing machine.
It diffinately was not the color shown on the screen but I will keep it anyway because the shipping costs so much. Thanks anyway.
I had a very expensive cashmere sweater that I wanted to change the color, I'll admit I was a little sceptical at first. I had never dyed anything with an acid dye before. It's quit a different process than regular dying,but I read the directions carefully and forged ahead It turned out amazing I now have a brand new sweater.
Fiance was gonna use this for her shirt after our wedding. After the transfer, quite a few of the stones didn't stay and had to be glued on with fabric glue. She got a little glue on the shirt, tried to scratch it off, and made a small hole in the shirt. The shirt ended up in the trash. Wasn't a good day for the already stressed soon to be bride. Anyway, be prepared to glue some of the stones on if you buy this. At least it was relatively cheap...
Used it only once. But rotary, ruler, and cutting board are all great. Not sure how long the blade will remain sharp.
I've never used a dye that works as well as Jacquard acid dye did! The color came out so dark and just like the picture. Unfortunately, I was trying to get a duller purple and this dye completely blocked out the other color, but I can't blame the company for making a product that works TOO well! Will definitely purchase this dye again!
While the spring mechanism makes it easy to OPEN this pair of scissors (it practially remains open unless if you force it to close otherwise), my almost 3 year old daughter isn't strong enough to close this pair of scissors. So she ended up using both hands to make it happen. So far it's not working out well for us. Maybe when she's a little stronger it'll work...
This is a must have for anyone that sews. I bought this, this particular time for some dog collars I was making, it's the perfect width for the ribbon I had picked out and I have never had a problem with this product in any project I've used it for.
This is a GREAT machine for a beginner. I've just finished my first couple of projects and I'm very happy with the results.Likes: easy to operate, many great features, helpful diagrams on the machine, operation is very smooth, the light in the machine is very helpful for meDislikes: The owner manual skips between English and Spanish. It is VERY difficult to follow if you don't already know how to operate a sewing machine, the screws are VERY TIGHT from the factory, so if you need to remove the metal plate to clean the machine, you're going to need a pair of needle-nosed pliers, a nickel (the screwdriver doesn't fit), and A LOT of muscle. I laughed when I read the "warning" in the instruction manual that says not to tighten the screws too tight -- as if that's possible.Since I only speak English, I used a thick black crayon and blacked-out the Spanish in the manual. That made reading the instructions much easier. Anything that you have trouble with regarding this machine can be solved with a youtube video -- at least that's what I've found so far. Overall, I highly recommend this machine. I do not find the plastic housing to be cheap or flimsy. I am so happy I purchased this product.
This machine is the first machine I have ever owned. I just starting sewing a few months ago using a machine. I have hand sewed all my costumes in the past so the idea of a sewing machine was quite daunting. I bought it based on the low price and amazing reviews and I have to say its brilliant. Its easy to use, comes with everything you need, and now I sew full outfits in no time. The quality of the stitches and low sound makes it number one in my book. If your a first time seamstress or an old hat at sewing this machine will astound and amaze you. I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE>.....it .
I am a railway modeler, and I build a lot of British-made paper kits, which are made with colored, embossed paper on cardboard, giving an amazingly realistic appearance and a very affordable price. In a "how-to" video, the biggest manufacturer of these kits in Britain recommended this UHU glue and he was right.The glue sets in 10 or 20 minutes, giving time to work with it. It is excellent for paper and for the transparent plastic windows, and is not water-based so it doesn't absorb into the cardboard and warp it, as white glue does. The perfect solution for anyone who needs to attach paper, cardboard, plastic, wood etc.I bought a lifetime supply of the stuff, but hopefully it's available in single bottles for those with shorter lifetimes!
I had expressed an interest in a sewing machine to do some small sewing projects, not wanting too much for gadets and fancy stiches. I have worked on two projects now and have not found the right tensions or something because it is not sewing well. The stitches are not tight, it is jamming, threads getting caught underneath in the bobbin casing, and threads breaking. The instructions for stitches are well described, and does all the stitches I will need for simple dresses and clothing. Maybe it is just user error, but a friend and I sat down with the machine in order to give me some lessons and she was not able to help me fix my problems very well, so we switched and used her machine. I will keep with it for awhile and see if I can work out my problems, but think I may be returning it for something else.
THIS IS A GREAT LIGHTED MAGNIFING GLASS WITH A VERY STRONG MAGNIFICATION. IF YOU ARE A COLLECTOR, GARAGE SAILOR, OR ESTATE SALE PERSON, IT IS A WONDERFUL ITEM TO CHECK OUT THOSE SMALL TRADEMARKS OR HALLMARKS ON ITEMS FOR PURCHASE, ESPECIALLY IN SOME OF THOSE ESTATE SALES WHERE LIGHT IS VERY LIMITED, SINCE THIS GLASS CARRIES IT'S OWN LIGHT. I HAD A PREVIOUS IDENTICAL ONE THAT HAD CHEAP BATTERY CONNECTIONS BUT ON THIS ONE THE BATTERY CONNECTIONS HAVE BEEN IMPROVED CONSIDERABLY. HIGHLY RECCOMENDED
This craft lathe is a cost efficient way to work on small projects to get even lines all the way around. Most lathes I've seen are considerably more expensive. When working occasionly on the smaller, odd-shaped projects I don't care to spend over $100 on a lathe for a finished product worth $5, $10, or so---unless I'm mass-producing (which I don't do) Thanks for giving crafters a less-expensive option.
This is the first time I have used a glass cutter, but did not want a plastic one. I do not know how this compares to other cutters, but I simply filled it with oil, and started cutting as I saw in some youtube videos. I cut straight edges, I cut curves, and I did not cut my fingers. So thumbs up! Remember to smooth sharp edges and vaccuum up small glass shavings/dust.
This is a great book, even for the beginning knitter. Directions are clear and understandable and all the photographs are truly inspiring. Whether you are creating an exact replica, or adding a little flair of your own, the designs are easy to follow and knit up quickly. Definitely pick up this book if you are expecting...or know someone who is expecting and would appreciate some handknits!
Really easy to use. Comes with an array of stencils - star, circle, hexagon, etc. I was able to do 3 stars in different colors on my daughter's jeans. She loves the patches!
I had a very expensive cashmere sweater that I wanted to change the color, I'll admit I was a little sceptical at first. I had never dyed anything with an acid dye before. It's quit a different process than regular dying,but I read the directions carefully and forged ahead It turned out amazing I now have a brand new sweater.
It's a piece of junk. Doesn't work properly by following the instruction. If you want to buy a real scissors sharpener, go to Walmart or BedBath&Beyond.
This is a set of fine point roller ball drawing pens. They seem nice enough, but what I wanted and what I expected to receive was a set of calligraphy pens. These seem to be really nice quality pens, but they are not calligraphy pens. I'll have to continue my search.
The quality of this bead set is great, but they're a bit difficult for an early bead stringer. Stringing beads is a skill to master between 18 and 24 months, but the channels through which you must thread the cord are a bit too long (accomodating the fun graphics) and hard to do for someone in that age range. They weren't the right toy for my 20 month old son to learn on. I recommend this toy for a child who can already string beads and complete other lacing toys. For them, this would be a great gift.
I guess you get what you pay for. This glass cutter didn't perform as expected. I still had to purchase a heavy duty one at the local hardware store.
I love my photo printer but the paper and ink never run out at the same time. You can buy the paper and ink separately and usually I am forced to do so. Getting them together is more convenient.
Last night at 8pm, right at the start of Glee, I opened the huge square box that my Brother serger machine came in. It was nicely packed and the machine was much bigger than I had imagined. It came prethreaded with corresponding threads to the 4 color coded thread passages. It came with a CD to view on my PC. I paged thru the book for 10 minutes to familiarize myself with things and then popped the CD in my computer. I only watched the first 5 lessons as I didn't want to go into overload trying to process things I didn't need to get started. I will go back to watch those videos when I need those features. I watched the threading lesson 3 times. Then I set the machine up on my kitchen table. It was 9pm. It took me 15 minutes to thread the machine with my own new white large spools. I purchased 4 white and 4 black. Even though it takes regular spools of thread, I figured I would stock up on the 2 colors that I would use the most. And @ $2.99 each, they were a bargain and ensured I would not run out of thread for a while. I used the tie on method that is explained in part on the enclosed video. Finally satisfied and confident that I was ready to start, I gently pushed the accelerator to stitch on some scrap fabric. I was pleasantly surprised at how smooth the machine ran and the speed and ease of mobility. The default tensions settings worked for me so I didn't touch them, but I did experiment a bit with the stitch length and width settings. So here's the good news. By 9:25, (one hour and 25 minutes total) I had begun to sew the bodice and belt ties of DGD's christening gown. I really like the machine and encourage those of you who have one, but like me were overwhelmed to get started, to do just that. Open it up and see what it can do. To those who have always thought of buying a serger, I say do it.There are a couple things that I feel need improvement though.1. The video and the manual contradict each other regarding the How To Thread process. This is the most important thing on a serger - getting it threaded correctly - and it's not 100% clear. The manual says to ALWAYS thread the Upper Looper, Lower Looper, Right Needle and Left Needle IN THAT ORDER. In the video, the instructor starts with the left needle. I think it would be helpful to remember the following sequence (using the color code) that occurred to me last night. GBPY - GaBippy! Green, Blue, Pink, Yellow is the threading order.2. The seam allowance guide is not explained anywhere that I could see. Being an experienced sewer, I kinda figured it out, but I could see how it could be a problem for beginners. The raised bolded line to the right of the needle is the standard 5/8" seam allowance. The line to the left is either 3/8" or 1/2" and then the one closest to the needle is either 3/8" or 1/4". I will have to measure the stitching with the knife blade recessed in order to get a more accurate definition of the seam allowance guide.3. The manual says to oil your machine, but then does not include the oil.4. The machine gets filled with lint from the fabric very quickly. I recommend getting a can of compressed air (available @ office supply stores) and give it a good blow out after you're done sewing.
This stuff is addicting to use! It works well, goes on easily, and looks nice. Works best when warmer. I used it on retro brass knobs on my grandparent's old dresser. It makes the whole thing look new! I also used it on varnished wood in a couple spots, with no issues. A little bit goes a very long way. Well worth the price.
Well this product does a good job at cleaning and seems to be a bit better then simple green, However the one thing I did not like about this purchase is that the shipping and Handling cost more than the product, What gives?? I just don't understand this but the cleaner is good.
Save your money and don't believe what you see on the tv commercials; this not at all as simple as it appears and once you finally are able to get a button to attach itself to your shirt, which can actually take forever, the buttons fall off soon after; a good old fashioned needle and thread is still the best bet!
This engraver has battery only, no electric as the item description says. It is convenient to have the battery power, as you have the freedom to use it anywhere, but definitely invest in rechargeable batteries and a charger.I did anticipate the thicker point, as the description says 2.something mm, but since it is advertised as a "watch engraver", I thought it would be ok. It's not. The diamond ball point does not give a clean, smooth line as more expensive engravers do, but rather a blurred, slightly jumpy line. If you're looking for a jewelry engraver, I wouldn't consider this one. But for tools, or anything else that doesn't require fine engraving, this is very worth the price.
I haven't had time to use this product but I have read many good reviews about it and I am lookingforward to using it. It was exactly what I ordered and it came promptly.
I use my dremel for buffing polymer clay and have struggled with making my own buffing wheel. I saw this on Amazon and snatched it up right away and I'm so glad I did. It's so well stitched and the fabric they use is absolutely perfect for polymer clay. I'd highly recommend it!
A lot has changed since I used my grandmother's 1948 Singer in high school. New technology makes this machine so easy to use right out of the box. Excellent value, too.
Good price ,fair quality as it was described,and I recived it on time. I recommend it to all college student for drawing.
these are little silicone disks that are sticky on one side to adhere to skin. place them on your finger tips to aid in grasping your sewing needle, eliminating getting stabbed by the eye of the needle. i love this product! a must have for anyone who does hand sewing. the only negative is they are sometimes very hard to peel off of your skin, but i think the benefits far outweigh that.
I have watched this DVD and while I haven't made any of the projects, I intend to. The format of this DVD is just like taking a class. You get the supply list up front and then you start with easy step by step instructions. Tim also offers extra samples at the end of each session to show you more possibilities. I can't wait to order his second Journey to add to my collection and learn some more. You can actually make the projects shown in this DVD.
My daughter loves this blanket, I thought it would be a great gift for her to make since she loves the knot blankets so much. First of all, there is no way a six year old can knot the blanket, you are not given enough room to knot with smaller, child-like fingers, the material is not that great on two sides of each square and if you were a child you would pull to hard and rip the blanket. It took me two days, about 4 hours each day to do the blanket. Like I said, not for the age it says it is for.
Alex Toys Color and Cuddle Washable PonyI bought this pony as a way for my niece's friends to sign as a keepsake for her birthday. When the pony came in the mail, I was a little surprised. I expected it to be made of a washable cloth, but it's more plastic. The pony is soft and squishy but looks cheaply made for the price. I was hoping for something similar to the real doodle animals. It worked out fine, but I wasn't 100% happy with it.
If you are trying to order the Quilt In a Day Scallops, Vines and Waves Template (quilting ruler) this is not what you will receive. Ordering this item only got me what was pictured, which is incorrect and does not match the item or description. Now I am in the process of having to return something which was not at all the intent of my order. I alerted Amazon that there was an error on the web page but it has yet to be corrected. So, buyer beware.
I ordered this product for a book making class I was taking. A japanese book drill was on the list of supplies. This item was described as heavy-duty and it is anything but. The add statedHeavy Duty Screw Punch...This heavy duty screw punch puts perfectly clean holes into board and paper for bookbinding.It jammed the first time I used it and wouldn't even go through the book board. The description goes on to say: " Precision made in Japan". The real Japanese Screw punch has the made in Japan embossed into the brass, the one I received had nothing anywhere that said Japan and it is definitely not a precision tool as it had a rough action when pressed down. And I never could get it to work properly. I contacted the seller and he said he'd refund my purchase in full, but upon receiving it he emailed me back that the package arrived ripped and empty.
I read all of the reviews here before I ordered this machine, and I admit, I was a bit insecure about it because of some of the negative reviews here. I have been using this machine now for several weeks, sewing up to 20-25 hours a week while taking a sewing class, and the Brother CS6000i has been wonderful. I have no experience with any other machine, so I can't compare it to other machines, but for me, it has been an excellent choice.
After one month of use I found this to be an excellent choice for general use around the home. The machine is light and easy to move, quiet, with easy to understand features. The instructions are fairly clear but could have been improved had the English and Spanish been in separate sections. The machine has good markings showing thread-line and adjustment setting dials on the machine. A cover of some sort would have been useful. A beginner should have no problem using this machine after an hour or so with the machine and manual. It was a great buy for the price.
I have bought a few of these over the years and each time something has gone wrong with the injectors putting out the butane. I even bought a case of Blazer fuel which is triple refined but eventually the injectors get clogged and the lighter ceases putting out any butane.The last one I bought stopped working just a month or two after the purchase and I won't buy another one again; I don't know what happened to quality of these lighters but this USED to be a good product. The first one I owned lasted a long time and never failed me; but I lost it during a hiking trip and none have worked that well since.I would have once recommended this to anyone and everyone, but now I would suggest buying a butane torch from Harbor Freight instead of this.Thanks,
Yet to recive this order from seller, still waiting on amozon to refund my money!!!!! My daughter is still waiting on this sewing machine, she had her 13th birthday and all she wanted was this sewing machine. She is very disapointed since her birthday was on the 3rd of July.DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS SELLER VERY BAD RESULTS.....SO FAR NO RETURN OF SEVERAL EMAILS, NO REFUND OF MONEY, NO HOPE DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS SELLER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!TRY EBAY JUST GOT THE SAME MACHINE $20.00 CHEAPER AND IT WAS HERE IN 5 BUSINESS DAYS!!!!OMB WHAT IS WRONG HERE.......JUST BAD SELLERS!!!!!
Given to a 6yo girl for her birthday and she has stamped cards, drawings, wall hangings and posters for family and friends - definitely a fun and engaging pack for little girls
Perfect for those starting out and those who are a little more advanced. It was hard to thread at first but with the help of my husband we got it and it is easy now. (The book dirctions are poorly written). We also youtubed to help. Ive already made lots of things for gifts and my little one. It was worth the buy. Very easy to sew on this machine
The loom is hard plastic and completely consistent with expectations. I bought thru Ben Franklin Stores and was totally SHOCKED at the shipping fees - I could have bought the looms for the cost os shipping! There were two products on my order (one from another vendor) and it cost what the shipping did so I didn't notice the cost until the order was confirmed. Live and learn and don't buy from Franklin
I picked this one up in a hobby store just to get started. I got home and realized I couldn't use it with my home compressor. I went back to the store and tried to find an adapter but they didn't have one so I was forced to get a spray can. I have since purchased a much better AB from Amazon.
I REALLY LIKE THIS PROGRAM BUT IT DOESN'T GIVE THE RIGHT COLORS. YOU HAVE TO GET THE COLOR LIST FROM THE PLACE THE DESIGN CAME FROM. AM I DOING SOMETHING WRONG?
Purchased 2 of these (separately) for grandaughers learning to sew. It is difficult to use and doesn't sew nicely at all. Better off buying an inexpensive REAL sewing machine to learn on. This is clunky and cheaply made and very frustrating. Wish I had returned them. I let them use my full sized machine and they do just fine.
I like this ink color and ease of use. It takes a bit longer to dry than expected so only 4 stars. If you're ok with ink staying wet for a few minutes and want a nice slate gray, this is a great and affordable choice.
Hi, the reason I don't like these is they're a pain to use. I kept adding water to try to lift the paint off and no luck. I couldn't get enough pigment onto the brush no matter what I tried... I've gone back to my Windsor-Newton's and Holbein's. They are worth the extra money for rich colors and ease of use. I was disappointed in this product because it seemed a nice choice. Not.
I bought this machine a year ago after returning a Brother machine. This one was inexpensive and seemed to have everything that I could ever dream of using for quilting. I do agree that the machine has many plastic pieces, but I have not had a problem so far. However, I DO NOT agree with what other reviews have said about the threading system. I have used it every time I have sat at my machine and it has not failed once. Could this be because of a design change within the last 6 months or so? Or it might just be user error. The needle does have to be in a certain position to use properly. Overall, I really like this machine and will continue to use it until I can afford a long arm machine for quilting.
This has been purchased as a gift for my mother inlaw. She is fascinated with the performance of the light weight and the wonderful job it does. The added feature of focus light, that can be used to focus on the stiches is awesome. We were expecting this product to be made in Japan given the name of Brother, but it is made in China.
Bought the paper to make garment and accessory patterns with and, while it's low priced for the size and quantity, the paper is very thin. I find it similar to butcher paper which I use for making moc-up patterns with, and I'll be using this for the same purpose. Purchased to make finished, sturdy patterns that will be used many times but it's not suitable for that. Thinner than typical printer paper.
I was really overwhelmed by this when it first arrived. I thought I'd never figure it out, and the video tutorials were small and dark. So, I set my husband after it to figure it out, because he's the brains in the family. Well, he cursed at it for an entire evening, so I was feeling very defeated. The next day I decided to take another stab at it, and read through the threading instructions in the book..and honestly I have NO idea what he was doing differently or why, because it wasn't difficult at all and I got it first try.Now I've had it for a week or so, and I've had time to mess around with it and I must say that it's really not difficult, and the videos do help bunches.I love it, and I'm VERY happy I bought it!
stamps are cute and a good product but then the dies up in a matter of a few days and you have to go buy ink pads
This paper is NOT magenta. It is downright PURPLE! Not AT ALL the color I was looking for. Also the paper was not the soft &#34;construction paper&#34; texture I expected, but I leave that as my fault.
I love the fact that these stamps have a handle, as so many wooden stamps do not. However, it would be much better if they were also self-inking. I bought this set after searching high and low for "fun" self-inking stamps for the office (the standard red inked "Entered" was beyond boring), and the excitement was palpable when I ran across this set. Once the set was received, the excitement wore down quite rapidly as the ink pad that is shown in the picture, was dry as a bone, and a trip to the store was needed in order to use the stamps.I don't know why "fun" self-inking stamps have gone out of fashion, to be replaced by the bulky square wooden, and all the awkward wooden stamps. If versatility of ink color is an issue, rather than a child's-watercolor-set of ink pads, have a strip of individually packaged cartridge-ink-pads!!This is just my opinion, I could be wrong.......but I bought two of these sets, and both ink-pad-strips were completely dry and a waste of money.
I bought this sewing machine last February after I read the reviews on Amazon and I thought that this will be good for easy sewing at home. I am a seamstress and I also have a very good sewing machine that I use constantly, this one I bought just for the different stitches. I haven't even used it that much until last week when it broke down completely. It was probably defective from the start, (my husband fixes appliances and he looked at it and couldn't believe how cheaply made this is) and thinks it had a problem from the start when I bought it. I am very disappointed with it because I've had problems constantly with the thread breaking in spite of doing everything right and using the right needles. If you don't have the expensive good quality thread, good luck sewing with this one. I want to warn people that this is not as good of a deal as it looks like!
I am very pleased with the product, but shipping was very slow. However, I would recommend this product to other consumers. However, just remember this vendor is a little slow in shipping.
I bought a bunch of these rhinestone iron ons for my self and my bridesmaids. I did the bridesmaids shirts first and they all worked perfectly. This one however, some of the adhesive wasn't on the rhinestones when i opened the package therefor I was not able to iron them all on. I just wish it worked like the other ones I had bought. The rhinestones that did adhere stayed on though.
I bought this to dye a scarf i had my fav color pink, to match my hat and gloves. The instructions were simple and the color came out beautifully. The only problem is the color came out much lighter than expected. Its a soft baby pink, not a deep pink as described.
Stanley is a brand you can trust. This glue gun heated up in a matter of minutes. I was actually surprised at how hot it got. This was my daughter's second glue gun (her other cheaper one gave out), this one did the trick. If you have arts and crafts that you do, or some jobs around the house that require gluing, I say, get this glue gun. Not a bad price either, seeing as there are a myriad of options out there, this one by far is the best!
Perfect red...a red with a SLIGHT orange cast. When mixed with Napthol red makes the most beautiful red I have mixed.
I could not even get it to sew. I sent it back after 3 days. Awful!
This cleaner worked great on my diamond wedding rings. I'm with everyone else re: the packaging. The plastic cover does not remove easily, therefore making it very difficult to create a tight seal with the lid. If the company improved the packaging, I would change my review to 5 stars. It's a great value for the price!
I loved this set because it included some words I needed in the same font so that my project looked cohesive. However, I found that the polymer used for these stamps were much softer than other stamps I've used (such as Stampendous brand). This means that detailed stamps with often mush when pressing down, forming thicker letters and less detailed images. You must be careful to apply a light amount of pressure when using these. Note: for those new to stamping, you do need an acrylic block to adhere these to.
This machine has a lot of bells and whistles: One-step buttonhole, 60 stitches, 7 different buttonhole styles, etc. It's also got variable speeds which is nice for beginners, and comes with a package of presser feet that would cost $50 or so purchased individually.However, my major disappointment was that it did not sew through more than 3 layers of denim without putting up a fight. The needle gets stuck in the fabric, it makes a horrible noise, and then displays an error message. Not so good if you want to do something as simple as hem a pair of jeans. Going slow or fast does not seem to make a difference. In addition, some of the fancier buttonholes (keyhole for example) look terrible.My experience has been that if you want a computerized machine that sews through heavy material you're going to have to pay around $300. The Brother Project Runway machine goes through thick material without balking, unlike this one.
Works great! Clean cuts! I am already looking to buy more different cutters. Great packing. Everything looked great! No complaints!
I recently inherited all of my grandmother's photos. The albums were falling apart, so I needed something else to store the photos I was planning to keep in. This works wonderfully and is storing all of her photos. [I admit I didn't keep them all, however I went through 20 albums and all the photos fit in this case.] The case is a bit flimsier than I was expecting, so I will do my best to be careful with it. Otherwise, it is exactly what I needed and I love the cases that fit inside that have allowed me to separate and organize all of the photos. I'm actually considering buying another.
A very, very good book of truly great assistance in identifying difficult birds such as Bicknell's Thrush and in distinguishing others such as Eastern and Western Meadowlarks. This said, it is a trifle heavy though I still carry it always in my shoulder bag. I would suggest that in the next edition the headers announcing the various regional plumages be more pronounced, that is they should stand out more. This would make the book even more useful.
The only problem I had was the time it took to get to my house. Other than that it was great and i received a lot of wood.
I love the Safco brand office accessories. This product is great for organizing my desk. It is made of good quality metal compared to cheaper plastic brands. Will continue to buy Safco products.
I have been trying to return this item, but I can not get a response!
Purchased this rock tumbler for our 9 year old son. Previous reviews gave us a much welcomed &quot;heads up&quot; and we knew what to expect when the product arrived. We used previous suggestions of sealing the tumbler with Vaseline and placing it in a cooler to cut down on the noise. I was actually surprised at the noise level - it WASN'T nearly as loud as anticipated! Sounds like an electic ice cream maker. We've checked the stones after 10 days and are amazed at the difference. It really works and the kids are still enthusiastic 2 weeks later. The packaging should be revised though to reflect the time involved in the overall process. Otherwise, it's a fun project for the family.
My saughter put the product on her Christmas list. When she open the box she was even more excited.
The needles are fine only because they were relatively inexpensive. But they are good only for general cotton fabrics. I tried them on denim and the needle bent out of shape. If it cannot work on denim, I wouldn't call it heavy duty really.
These are great tools for play doh. I was looking for something sturdy that my son wouldn't break. They have held up very well so far and he enjoys using them.
This yarn is soft but that is the best I can say about it. I crocheted a baby blanket with it and thought I would never get through the project. There were long sections of the yarn where the splitting and bunching up of fibers was so bad I felt like I was trying to manipulate clouds of cobwebs. I had to press on because there was no way of determining by sight or touch where the bad areas began and ended. If I could have known I would have cut the bad sections out. I had to re-do stitches two, three, even four or five times in spite of proceeding VERY slowly and with extreme care . On another web site there were many negative reviews of this yarn but there were good ones too and the few reviews on Amazon were favorable so I decided to go ahead and order. Big mistake. The tediousness and frustration of working with this yarn displaced the enjoyment of creating the blanket and this was a blanket for my first grandson so you gotta' figure things had to be pretty bad to crush the pleasure of making this blanket. Maybe the yarn works well for knitting. I threw the left over yarn in the trash and that's saying something considering what a penny pincher I am. I hope if I am some day compelled to make another baby item that there are other easier to work with soft yarns available
Plastic ends of hole punchers don't punch through 100# stock without three or four punches even at the strongest setting. Probably fine for lighter weight. "Trigger" gets out of alignment now and then and requires unscrewing the top and adjusting the works a bit, kind of like the innards of a ballpoint pen. If I had it to do over, I'd probably go with an old-fashioned hammer piece with a separate rivet setter, but I suppose if you like having the different sizes and don't use it over and over (as I do for a project that requires thousands of holes and rivets), it's a handy and inexpensive option.
This yarn is wonderful! It is a dream to work with. I've made everything from scarves to baby sweaters to afghans with this yarn. The heathers and mists are the most beautiful. The babay sweaters have been washed over and over and still look like new. I get raves when I give items crafted of this yars as gifts. I wish my local stores woudl carry larger amounts of matching dye lots. I'm finding it difficult to find online dealers who will guarantee dyelots. I'd love to make a sweater for myself out of this yarn if I can find 15 skeins of matching dyelot.
This CD, though not her best (That being reserved, in my opinion, for Faster Than the Speed of Night), is still fantastic. Listen to her moving rendition of the Air Supply staple &quot;Making Love Out of Nothing at All&quot; and see if you can come out of it the same. I could not, and have never seen anyone listen to it without getting completely swept away by it. Also, &quot;You're the One&quot; is a fantastic tune. Bonnie Tyler's voice isn't for everyone, but then that is music. Not everyone likes the same thing, and God forbid if they did. Her voice is full of feeling and emotion, that raw smokiness that tugs at the heart and never lets go. Listen to her music with an open mind and with appreciation for its artist, who came back from throat surgery told she would never sing, and yet she had one of the most memorable songs not only of the last decade, but of all time. This album, more contemporary than most of hers, stands as a testament to Bonnie's versatility and ability to speak to all ages and musical eras. Listen and see if you don't become a Free Spirit yourself in the process.--Matthew Cason
bought it wanting to frame few canvases I bought on ebay.they are very low quality, they cut in wrong angles, they do not fit one each other.I am sorry I did not got the michael's ones which were much better quality.they are not cut at 45 degrees, each one is in a different way.
I bought this as a first-time sewer to reupholster a couch. I taught myself to sew on this. It worked great and was easy to use. It has lots of different stitching options and is fairly intuitive.
When I opened the box I was expecting to see the same product as the picture.... Not the case. The item not only was a different color but also a different object than in the picture. I received it today and wanted to try it out, so I rounded up my batteries and tried turning the sewing machine on and it did nothing. The instructions are easy to understand and if the product actually worked it would be fine. I would advise anyone looking for a cheap easy to use sewing machine not to buy this one.
I love this yarn! I haven't used it for baby items but if you are looking for a baby yarn this is perfect! Soft!!!!
This pin holder can maybe hold 20 pins before they start to fall off. I'm currently looking for something better.
I expected more. The yarn is fun, pretty & soft; the beads are a neat accent; but it was very difficult for my 9 year old niece to do. She wanted to learn how to crochet, but this was not a good way to start. The description said, "an easy-to-do craft for beginners," but I thought it was more appropriate for those who already know how to crochet. The type of yarn that is provided is really what makes it so tough. My niece wasn't able to see her stitches, let alone count them, and she got frustrated with it and gave up (& she's not one to give up easily).
The problem with this easel is that there is no way to lock the legs into place, so the easel is highly unstable. Maybe the legs will stay put on plush carpet, but who paints on that? On hardwood or tile floors the legs scoot out and flop flat. Tightening the wingnuts makes only a temporary difference; even the slightest pressure on the table causes the legs to collapse. I gave this product two stars (instead of 1, which it actually deserves) only because I like its general appearance and wood construction.
Okay first thing I need to mention is that there are a couple errors in the description for this item. I suspected these were errors before purchasing the scissors, and was glad to see I was right. There is nothing gold plated on the handle of the scissors - they look just like the picture (shiny silver). Also, the metal tin they come in is silver, not gold as mentioned in the description. Since I do not like gold colored plating, I was happy with this description mistake.My mom had a pair of Ginghers growing up and when I recently got into sewing I looked around to see if technology had evolved since then. I found that Gingher scissors are still number one and so I purchased a pair ofGingher G-7 7-Inch Knife-Edge Dressmaker's Shearsand these 4" classic embroidery scissors. When I received my embroidery shears they were well packaged in a tiny tin. My first thought was "oh no, these are so small they won't really be that useful!" However, I was seriously wrong. While the scissors are fairly small (the 4" refers to the length of the entire scissors, not just the blade), they are very sharp and have a fine tip which can even rip out threads to get things started for the seam ripper. They will easily cut through cord for piping and, while I wouldn't want to cut out an entire project with them, they can handle trimming several layers of fabric around an edge or corner. They have a precision that my dressmaker shears lack. One of the best features for me is that (assuming you use your right hand) they are ergonomically correct no matter which side you happen to pick them up from. The leather sheath is very useful and well crafted. You can feel the quality when you are holding the scissors, and can rest assured because Gingher backs up their products for life.In all, I use these scissors way more than I envisioned I would and am very pleased with the purchase. There is something about sewing with quality tools which makes the experience more enjoyable!
It's OK for the small leather job even if the tool doesn't perform a great clean cut on leather since the punch heads don't align well in 90 degrees with the opposite round base.
I bought this product and returned it after one (attempted) use. I am an artist and have plenty of experience using projectors and this is the worst I have ever used. No matter what I did this thing could not achieve sharp focus, and I was working from a simple black and white line drawing in a completely darkened room. When I returned it to the store they basically replied "Oh well its a cheap projector". So I guess its pretty much known as a sub-standard product.Thought there is a significant price difference the artograph prism is so much better - ie. it actually works. My advice is to shell out the extra cash for a quality product. This thing is pretty much useless.
I am not a seamstress by far, but I do like this dressform. The only thing is that it does have a unique smell to it. I sprayed it with Frebreeze and it's better.
While not perfect, this is the best glue gun I've ever used. Very easy to use with one hand. Would recommend to crafters.
So sorry that this is a very bad product. Singer went out of business many years ago and only sold the right to use the name. This machine sewed 2 quilt tops before freezing up and had to be thrown away totally useless and not fixable. It is a nice size for taking to quilt class but needs to keep working more than 2 months.
While this cutter is comfortable to use I can't seem to keep it straight against the ruler. Let's consider that's operator issues. But then, there is this really thin piece of wire and spring that is supposed to hold the blade cover in place. After just a few cuts, it came off so the blade cover wobbles around and gets in my way. I don't recommend this rotary cutter at all. I went back to my standard Olfa rotary cutter which I love. I really don't know why I thought it would be a good idea to try something else.
I couldn't find a package of the Sarasa SE blue ballpoint pens in any stores (best I could find was where the blue was one pen in a 4-pack of 2 blacks and a red), but I was able to find a box on Amazon. Great price (12 for $20). Delivery was quick. Pens write very smoothly no matter what surface is underneath the paper. Love the feel. Rating is 4 stars instead of 5 only because it seems to me that the Sarasa SE's ink runs out a little sooner than other pens.
It was not as heavy duty as I expected. I had thought due to picture and design that it would be of stronger framework, but it will work until I find what I was looking for.
The stamps are a good size for toddler hands and the designs are very cute, however when the ink pad arrived it was dry. How disappointing to not even be able to use the stamps because we had no ink.As an update to this review... I contacted Melissa and Doug's customer service and they sent me a new ink pad same day - great service :)
Five stars for the quality of the ink - it's smooth-flowing, very black, doesn't bleed on the paper, and dries quickly. All the qualities you want in your ink. ONE STAR for the duribility of the pens. I tend to have a very hard grasp on my pens, and these just aren't up to it. The points break far too easily. After only a month of use, the area where the pen and nib joins has weakened to the point where the pens bleed all over my fingers and are unusable. If you have a light touch, you might love these pens. If not, find a more durable instrument. I'm still looking.
I've used these only for paper and they are definitely sharp enough to tackle that simple job. But there's something not quite right about the shape of the handle. It's possible it's just me, but the grip doesn't feel comfortable. I always feel like my hands are a bit too small.
I'm not what you would call a "serious" sewing person. I just wanted a machine that was easy to use so I could make a sun dress for my daughter, or a pillow case...you know, simply stuff. It worked fine for about a week. One day while sewing a skirt ruffle on, it jammed and the damage was worse than the machine cost. Thankfully it was still under warrenty. Singer just isn't what it used to be. They wouldn't even cover the cost of repairs. Thank you Amazon for being awesome.
We bought this mat as a play area for our 6-month old. It's perfect -- it's light weight and easy to store. The mat is large enough that our son can roll around, fall over, try to crawl and do baby yoga (unintentionally) without injury. This is great for city living and if you have hardwood floors. We use it every day and fold it up at night.
Out of six nibs in the package, two didn't fit the enclosed holders properly -- one fit too loosely and the other wouldn't stay in at all. I'm not interested in trying any more Speedball products if this is how they work.
Smooth-On makes a wide range of moldmaking and casting products, and this kit contains a good example of thier silicone and resin. The kit also includes detailed instructions.Moldmaking and casting can be fun and rewarding hobbies, but if done without proper materials and instructions it can also be disapointing and expensive. This kit is a good and fairly safe way to try this without buying a lot of equipment you might not need.Recommended
I have one of these I've used for years and needed a new one finally. The pop out feature is nice for cleaning, but I find that the roller seems to pick up everything you don't want on there and then it is kind of hard to get clean.
Great snippers, but they are much bigger and bulkier than I expected. I'll keep them but not for the reason I purchased them.
This is a decent machine for the price, but unless you like wrestling with your sewing machine on a fairly regular basis, I cannot recommend it.It has some strange design kinks that cause thread tangles at the drop of a hat. Otherwise it seems sturdy and user friendly.
It's a little difficult to color small areas (the fine point makes the colors look uneven) and the overall color tone is a little uneven as well...Not bad markers though.
Good for temporary light in dark work areas, not a permanentsolution. A bit overpriced for what you get, runs extremelyhot. Batteries die off quickly.
Only giving these a 2 Star review because I bought them with the goal of patching jeans. They colors nor the fabric match jean material & they are obvioius on Jeans. For Pants I'm sure they'll work ok, since the material is thick & the bonding glue is decent, they are also easy to use. However these are NOT for patching jeans.
Such a nice case, looks-wise. Organic, wooden, with a nice logo burned in. But! I need not only an assortment of pencils in my box, I also like to bring along an eraser, a sharpener, a couple of stumps, etc. The box is a little too short and a little too shallow to be really practical, even for a brief sketching trip. I'd love to have one like this but both longer and deeper.
Got this product on Saturday, and I have to ay, NOT that impressed at all.Problem #1: PackagingI had to go through 2 boxes, ties and tape just to get to this product to assemble it. Yeah, that's far too much just to assemble something.Problem #2: AssemblyPoor manufacturing makes for a poor product. After about 1/2 hour, I got the thing put together, but it didn't even make it as far as my bedroom (50 feet, if that from where I assembled it).The product is sturdy enough, but these two negatives outweigh any and all positives.
The case is large and holds the sewing machine I bought, but it doesn't sit level on a table. It can spin around on the bottom of the case. This is a minor annoyance since I remove the machine from the case when I sew.
This is a great machine for basic sewing. But it is not good for heavy sewing such as drapes and this sort of thing. But otherwise it is a great machine.
I was so excited when I found this product at my local Hobby Lobby after finding it online in a google search for something else.. I bought it at the HL, which is about 30 minutes from me so it is quite a trip. I brought it home and my roommate spent over 30 minutes trying to figure the thing out. Once he actually managed to get the fabric on it for me, he handed it to me and it only took me about 30 seconds to figure out I absolutely HATED it. Like the other reviews its poor quality, shoddy ratchets, although the ratchet system would be awesome in a wooden product. It was easy to twist the whole thing and therefore loosening your work. I returned it the next day. I will never use one of these products again. I will stay with my traditional scroll rod frames. They work fantastic.I really hate having to give a bad review but the item is not worth the time to produce it... Honestly it doesn't even deserve a 1 rating but it wouldn't let me post without any rating. So there it is.. below 1, probably a -10 for me.
I love the color, a rich beautiful blue, and it's waterproof. However, I am using it in a Parallel pen for drawing, and I have filled the barrel of the pen with the ink. In order to fill the barrel of the pen, I have to put a slight coating of silicone sealer around the threads of the pen barrel, so the ink doesn't leak out. This works with most inks, but with this ink, it manages to leak out of the barrel through the threads. Since my sister has also had the same problem, we think there is something in the ink that eats through the silicone sealer. Other inks we have used in these pens do not eat through the sealer. If you are using this ink in a different pen, or you fill a cartridge with it, you might be happier, because the color is wonderful.
My 2 year old got this toy for Christmas and loves it! It has really sparked her interest in counting, and she was already in to colors and stacking/sorting. My only complaint (a minor one) is that 2 of the ges have come unstuck. It was a quick fix with gorilla glue, but they probably shouldn't have come off that quickly with just normal wear and tear.
Shuttle tatting was always beyond my abitlity, but Needle Tatting is just right! sort of like crocheting with a needle, once you learn the 2 basic stitches you can create a wide variety of decorative items.
This machine is a nightmare, it is hard to use for my mother who is an experienced sewer and has been sewing since her 20's and sews very often. The machine is lacking in many simple thing such as the fact that the thread guide in step 4 doesn't stick out of the covering and so you have a hard time threading it, the needle threader instructions aren't clear and we still haven't figuredout how to use it, and the presser foot is just simply slid on rather than screwed tightly and so it often falls off if you move your hand over it while trying to thread the needle. This is so cheaply made and not at all user-friendly. It's a waste of $100. At least if you buy it at a proper store, you can try it out and have someone show you how to use it before you buy, by ordering online, you don't know what your getting nor have anyone to show you how to use it.
I thought the t-bar type function the lip on this ruler would serve would be easy to use, but I have to say that it takes pressing on the lip end just right to get the ruler to be perfectly square. It seems like on mine (probably defective?), the lip edge is just a bit angled. Not really even enough to notice when looking at it, but if I am not careful to put a little more pressure on one side when squaring it, it will be off. If I were only making short cuts, it would not be such a big deal. But a tiny difference when carried up the length of an 18 inch ruler...that's not so good and creates an angled line not a square one. I have never used another ruler when sewing (I just started), so I don't know how easy it is to get things square without any sort of lip edge, but I imagine having one at all (even if you have to be very careful with it's alignment), would be better than none at all to get your cuts square, so overall I am happy with my purchase. I would give it 3.5 stars if I could, and definitely 5 if mine wasn't a bit defective.
This tool is easy to use and the instructions are simple to follow. I tried it out on some scrap mat board and loved the results. My first try of the more complicated three line design was a little off but that was me not being careful. I use it with the Logan 301-s mat board cutting guide so I needed to get the 303 adapter for the stop at the other end of the cut. I had to mat a couple dozen photos for a show and loved how easy it was to add the extra v grooves to spruce up the basic mat frame. Definitely worth the money!
the product its ok and simple to use but the thing that i hate it its that it took about 4 days longer that it should!!! so if u want to wait a life time to get this product then buy it!!
The product arrived and I had high hopes for it. It was easy to use and it did a good job at cutting, scoring and perforating. One big problem though. I have only had it for about 2 1/2 weeks and it has already broken. I have only used it a handful of times. The hing that holds the cutting bar on snapped off so now the cutting arm does not stay in place or make straight cuts. Such a bummer. I thought it was going to be a great little tool.
well, this is my first rock tumbler and i realize it isnt a professional model-i couldn't afford one. the problems i have with it are fairly simple and straight forward. the drum leaks quite alot, even if you follow the very limited instructions...i dont know about the final polishing stage, either. if you expect rocks that look like the ones you can buy at museums and such, you will be disappointed. i have heard that crushed walnut shells could do the trick, but of course they dont come with the kit. you only get one set of each-heavy grit, medium grit, and polish. you have to order refills(if you want to use the same brand, unless you are lucky enough to have a hobby shop that carry this brand) the prices do not seem to bad to me, but honestly i have yet to shop around much. it is a decent, but loud and messy product. good for a first time tumbler, i guess. good luck and happy tumblin'.
The one I received did not contain an inner circle so you can't actually use it for anything. In theory, it might be nice, but I'll just have to throw away the one I received since draping the fabric across a single hoop really does no good. If there is a separate piece you're supposed to order for the inner circle, they should have made that clear because I was under the impression I could actually USE this as an embroidery hoop after purchasing it.
Decent paper.Arrived undamaged, packaged nicely.Could have had more pages.Didn't handle pastels very well.
I have had another machine for 43 years and am so pleased that this Brother 6000i can do what the old one was able to do and do it well. It is lighter to move to our "Sisters of the Cloth" quilting club. I have recommended it to a couple of my friends and their daughters. I make 5-7 quilts a year and am sure that this one will be a machine that will make the process pleasant. I read a review that said they had trouble making it stay in one place. I have placed a piece of shelf rubberized stuff under the machine. It helps a lot.I purchased this Brother machine in part because I also own a Brother Innov-is 9000D embroidery machine that I have also enjoyed a great deal.
The price here is more expensive than the ones' I've seen just yesterday at Jo-Ann Fabrics and Crafts. I should have looked there before purchasing online.Also the tips aren't so reliable.
These multi-colored (including white) stickers are about an inch high. None of the stickers had dots on them so the photo was a bit misleading. Several of the stickers weren't punched out properly and were a bit mangled (a small proportion of the total) and some were missing the adhesive and white peelable backing. However, the children (from ages 2 to 9) really enjoyed them.
Bought a set for my kids. The colors don't blend and the marker isn't washable either. Ended up throwing them all in the trash. Don't waste your money!
Watch out! The product description says 6 x 0.4 x 9.4 inches. They arrived and are actually 6" x 6". I could have purchased the product for less if I wanted the smaller size.
The paper which fills this "sketchbook" is not of a quality befitting the Moleskine reputation, being a plate-surfaced cardstock which looks suspiciously like cheap office-grade xerox paper, peculiarly resistant (because of sizing or some other coating) to ink washes -- not an inviting tableau upon which to work or draw. The design of the book itself, is, however, wonderful; I just wish that the Moleskine company would choose an interior paper that was actually designed for drawing and sketching; this is NOT. (Their regular blank notebook offers a better surface for drawing, though the paper is extremely lightweight.)
It just stop working, the bobbin spins off and then pulls the thread into a huge clump! Wish i never got this one!
This item was recommended by someone I trust so I spent the extra money on this one. I was very disaponited. The circles never looked descent. I watched a youtube video to make sure I was using it correctly and I was. I would say get the circle puncher instead.
I thought this would be the perfect father's day gift for my husband...the instructions are very vague and if you don't do everthing exactly right it doesn't work at all.
I got one of these just to help put my office in order. Since, I have purchased another one for my greeting cards. This comes with little index tabs, and I've sorted my cards into "Get Well", "Happy Birthday Male", "Graduation", "New Baby", etc. The expandable file holds a lot!! When you are done, you just tuck in the tab, and lift up on the handle - all contained and easily portable and stores away in not much space. It's wonderful to have my greeting cards in order, sorted out, and clean and not wrinkled!!!
I got this for the TWSBI 540 EF nib pen. The Monte Blanc black ink I was using was not dense enough for my taste. This ink is BLACK and does not look ashy after it has dried. I have used it on standard office paper (Xerox 32lb bright white), cheap yellow legal pads, and a non-Moleskin journal. It writes and dries black.I was also curious how quick it would dry. As I am a left-hander whom writes overhand (you know the weird way lefties write and everyone else says How you write like that?&#34;). So I end up dragging my hand through my writing and smudging it. Well, not with this stuff, it dries quick. Now it will smudge a little on high-gloss paper like credit card solicitations and junk mail. So if you are jotting down a honey-do list use regular paper.It says that this ink only bonds to celluloid (paper) and not your skin and I guess cloths? I can testify that it will wash off my hands with little scrubbing unlike India Ink. But I haven't gotten any on my cloths. I do question the clothing thing, since most are made of cotton, which I think is cellulose and used in paper? It's been a while since biology class, I may be in left field on that one.All in all, well worth the money, and doesn't seem to dry out in the pen or get crusty and is rich black.
the 450 is good. however, the 5 1/2" squaring arm is totally inadequate. further, for narrow cuts you may only get 1" worth of squaring arm. therefore i would rate the 450 as a poor machine. logan must have had the same view because they discontinued the 450 and replaced it with the 450-1. the 450-1 has a nice calibrated squaring arm. i wish i had known that i was purchasing d/c'd item at the time. if logan was responsive to there product users needs they would see fit to make a suitable calibrated squaring arm for sale to 450 owners which could be adapted to that machine.
The cord for this glue gun is definitely not rated for a device like this. It's thinner than anything I've seen before.I took the glue gun out of the package, put a glue stick in and let it warm up. It produced a glue dot about the size of a quarter and then just stopped working. Unplugged and replugged, nothing. Complete piece of garbage.Silver lining: the manufacturer immediately refunded my money when I told him I wanted to return it. They told me I could keep the broken glue gun as a bonus.Sweet bonus.
This little iron is does an ok job for what I was looking for - something small to press seams while sewing. It does fine for that, but certainly wouldn't work at getting out any kind of wrinkles.
Love these scissors. They are small enough to carry in my craft bag. And you can't go wrong with Gingher accessories.
Worked as expected. I followed the directions to the letter, and it worked great! I dyed my hat that had gotten bleach-stained, and it turned out great! I rinsed thoroughly, and have not had any lingering dye issues. After almost a month, the hat still looks great!Piece of advice: don't skimp on rubber/latex gloves. Get longer gloves that go up your forearm.
These safety pins are tiny--barely 3/4" long. In the product dimensions they did not provide safety pin dimensions, but packaging dimensions.Moreover, by "assorted sizes" they must mean "two different sizes". Two tiny sizes of safety pins.Function was fine.Overall I give it 3 stars, for good function, but a lack of variety, and unexpected small size.
My daughter wanted to take up painting, and thus far Reeves oil color paint has fit the bill quite nicely. The colors look good, and seem to be of a real nice quality. I will be buying more of this paint in the future. It is an excellent buy, especially if you are a beginner.
I received my machine and was very excited to get started. It took so many hours to work with the instructions supplied. It felt as though the instructions did not follow a sequence. Good thing I read very carefully and found out that the machine had to be oiled before use.Once you get past the instructions, the machine is a good value.
This is the tool of choice for trimming cannabis buds. Your trimmers can work for hours before their hands cramp up. Precise and sharp.They also work well for crafts, hobbies and model building.
We've been using this in our household to repair our many beat up copies of role-playing game books, and it's been a lifesaver. It works better, and looks better, than the packing tape that we usually use for this purpose. I'll admit that I was initially skeptical -- tape is tape, right? -- but this tape really does get the job done.
I bought this paper to make prints of my work to sell at an art show. The quality of the paper is wonderful. It makes my prints look like they are done on watercolor paper, but the quality is much better.
This machine is a fine, average machine for the new sewer. It will do a basic job for you, no problems, and is a good price. Some things I like/dislike (if you are picky, and any of these things are important to you, you might want to get another machine).1) I LOVED the self-threader. Easy to do, and helpful if your eyes aren't that great anymore.2)Tough to get the tension correct. I put it on "0" (least tension), and still it is a bit too tight (for sewing a halloween costume on satin material).3) The light is not good. It is a bluish color, and not bright. Keep your regular light on very bright. And I don't like the bobbin cover. It is a pain to open and close.4)When you stop sewing, the needle always moves to either the "up" or "down" position, depending on how you have it set. It drives me crazy that it just won't stay where I stopped sewing! Maybe this is the same with all non-mechanical machines, but I don't know. I know it drives me nuts.Now these are all little things. If this were your first machine, they would never bother you, because you wouldn't have any previous experiences to compare it with. For new sewers, this is a good, quality machine to get you through your projects. For experienced sewers, you may want to go up a couple more steps.
I have not had this sewing machine too long but already do enjoy it. It has great features and is a great machine for any starter. It has made sewing easy. The stitches are great and there are a variety of them from which to choose. It sews at different speeds depending on comfort level which allows for tedious sewing as well as simple straight stitching. Overall it has been great so far.
i recieved the product. pluged in and it burnt out. very disappointed. i will recommend buy this kinds of producyts from local stores only.
The pros of this particular tumbler: It's simple. It shouldn't pose any difficulties to the average inductee rock tumbler (see notes about instructions). It offers a cool hands on "show and tell" exposure to the rocks and grit stages. This worked great for us because we had a rock refill in the same order and could compare rough rocks to stage-x rocks. It promotes an interest in science.The cons: The instructions are useless. I can understand if other people have had trouble using this kit based on the directions alone. Still, the tumbler is simple enough that most will "figure it out" or rigging it. The rock selection and quality is poor. I would gladly pay another ten dollars to get a nice selection of rocks. As a result, nearly any "gemstone" bag at a mall stand will have nicer rocks.I've enjoyed spending the time with my kids using this tumbler. The active time is limited to maybe two hours while the passive time spans weeks. I am a little peeved that, after a couple of months, my son's SeaWorld rock bag looks fantastically more rich than our own - rock variety being the biggest difference.So I'm on Amazon writing this review to say I'm looking for another kit with a better rock selection. I'd possibly buy this one again if I couldn't find anything else.
I purchased the medium block punch, thinking I would have a 1" x 1" square.After receiving the punch, however, I find it is smaller. On the back of the package it says it is "1 cm/.625 inches" . First, I don't think 1 cm equals .625 inches. Second, there is nothing in the descriptions (here or elsewhere that I could find) saying it is 1" across DIAGONALLY. So if anyone is needing a 1" x 1" square, this is not it.Otherwise, the quality of these punches are fair. Not excellent, but they are handy and easy to use.
The sheets would not feed through my Lexmark inkjet printer. I ruined three sheets before giving up. I talked to someone who shipped me another package as per the guarantee but what good are they if my printer won't work?
Very excited to find a easy travel water color set. Problem though. I received "Crayola" Washable Kids' Paint (10 assorted colors) instead.
This machine worked for 3 weeks pretty well, and then it would start "hanging". It would punch holes, and then not turn off on its own, making loud noise for several minutes, requiring an unplug, which is very very much a hassle. This ruins its efficiency, and occurs about every 3rd or 5th time I go to punch holes, on average. Note, this is not with overfeeding. This is with 1 or 3 sheets of paper. I try pushing the forward button or the back button, or both, or tapping the machine. I'm not sure what the problem is, but I shouldn't have to bang it to turn it off, and I shouldn't have to unplug it to stop the holepunching each time. I would like a refund if possible. Also, I did a search for SPARCO, which is the company that makes it, and it is nowhere on the internet. I was able to find SPRichards, which is the parent company, but there is NO CUSTOMER SERVICE or SUPPORT. Very Frustrating - you buy something to help with efficiency and it ends up making you less efficient and more frustrated. In the time it takes me to go unplug it each time, I could just punch the papers by hand and pocket the 50 bucks. I do not recommend this, and I think returning it is going to be more of a hassle than just throwing it away and going with a different brand product. So, don't waste your money on this.
I love this product. It allowed me to create a baby afghan without seaming together two pieces as I had to do previously with the round looms. I agree that directions are lacking, but there is a wealth of information available on the internet, yahoo groups have many looming groups and there are books available on amazon too! Happy looming!
This loom for children should have a selection of beads separated into colors (for easy use) and possibly larger beads. At least there should be a reference as to what beads to buy and where to buy them.
I bought this serger for two reasons. One was all the positive reviews I have seen on this and other sites. The other reason is I have a Brother sewing machine that I adore. Having had an old sewing machine and an ancient serger, I found both to be a pain to thread. When replacing my sewing machine a couple years ago, I happened upon a brother sewing machine, and absolutely adore how easy it is to thread. It definately renewed my interest in sewing and I have happily sewed many a project since that purchase. Recently I decided to replace my old serger so I checked out Brother to see if I could find a serger that would be easy to thread and use...low and behold I luckily found this one, and I am so very pleased.This serger is a dream to thread with its color coded and numerical system which is marked right on the serger. I did it once, and I don't think I will even need the manual to do it again. This serger performs beautifully. The instruction manual is full of information and the two cd's give you additional visual information to make this serger live up to your dreams.I am very happy with the purchase of this serger, and if you are hestitant at all to buy it, you shouldn't be! I am sure there are way more expensive models out there that will do more, but for the home sewer that wants a straight forward, easy to use, affordable serger, then this is the one!!! Brother definately makes great machines!
Purchased to replace an economy composite/MDF bench that was purchased 5 years ago at $175, and sold due to an overseas relocation last year. I have yet to actually put this new bench together and work on it, but straight out of the box, I definitely do not think it's worth the $400+ spent and shouldn't be surprised, as it is made in China. If I had known, I wouldn't have bothered!The legs are extremely lightweight softwood, not to mention splitting and patched up with wood filler! I'm not sure how it will stand up to the work it has in store (lots of heavy banging and pounding) and it will more than likely need some serious heavy-duty reinforcements. Laminate is super thin and already peeling off in areas. On a whole, this bench is an insult to jewelers, if you ask me.If you're in a pinch, or just starting out, this may keep you going until you can find something better built or until you can afford to spend over $1k for a sturdy, reliable bench. But I'd say save your money, find or make a plan to build your OWN bench with your own specs and use hardwood or composite. It'll be heavy, but reliable, and you won't be afraid to work on it. And you'll save $. So I'm going to have to build yet another bench and keep this one for work that does NOT involve any planishing, anvils or hammers.Disappointing.
I am an avid sewer and have a small business selling my handmade items all sewn with an adult Singer machine. So when my daughter received the child's Singer Chain Stitch machine as a gift for her 5th birthday she truly felt like she could follow in Mommy's footsteps. It brings tears to my eyes when I see how absolutely frustrated and defeated she has become trying to sew on this poorly constructed, poorly functioning plastic machine. It is nearly IMPOSSIBLE to thread and often takes in excess of 20 minutes to finally get the thread through the needle that is almost completely blocked by the safety presser foot. Once it is finally threaded, the thread easily slips out. The chain stitch is so loose it barely holds the fabric together and forget trying to turn anything inside out! The project will literally fall apart. All of this has turned what should be a creative bonding experience into a disappointment. I never thought the Singer name would be the name that turned my daughter off on sewing. Singer needs to be alerted to the fact that this product is a blight on the Singer name.
This is a really nice knife, but I had trouble with the way it came sharpened. Instead of a nice straight cutting edge, it actually was sharpened in an arc, making it very hard for me to maintain the edge on it in that manner. I even went back and looked at the picture to be sure it showed a straight cutting edge. I will have a friend of mine re-work it, but I was taken back by having to do that.
I have owned this sewing machine for 3 years now. I have sewn clothing, drapes, and heavy denim and fleece. I have NEVER had any problems with it. It hasn't jammed, clogged or needed fixing in any way. I have sewn up to four layers of heavy fleece together at the same time. I don't understand the other comments made on this machine as I have never had any problems. The buttonholer worked great, the interchangeable feet are a breeze. This is a perfect machine for any person needing just a normal basic sewing machine. If it jams or the bobbin tension isn't right then your tension needs to be adjusted. It comes with a good manual to help you with general problems. Did I mention that the internal workings are all metal? It is!! That is hard to find anymore in a sewing machine.
These are horrible scissors even for the little ones. They frustrate the child when they do not cut. The "blades" are the equivalent of some aluminum foil on plastic. Buy something else! Even the all plastic Melissa and Doug scissors are better scissors than these.
bought this brand of glue gun first because of the name and second because of the price, sadly the description of it being dripless was so false having owned different glue guns in the past for my business, it was time to replace, so i did some research and this model just stood out from the rest. could not believe the amount of glue it drips when just idle or warming up, unlike any other glue guns i have owned! sadly to say , because the brand name is so recognized for such great products, not this on!
I absolutely love this yarn. This is the second afghan I have made with this yarn. It works up very easily and is everything it says it is. I will be buying a lot more of this for other projects.
I bought this sewing machine for my wife. Please understand this review is based solely on the expletives that spewed from my wife's mouth while sewing with this machine. Apparently bunching up, inadequate speed and difficulty threading the needle were some issues. I just remember my wife always using the stitch ripper to undo a tangled mess. However, the Singer Machine did one positive thing! It made me look like a super hero when I surprised my wife with a Pfaff Expressions 3.0. She dropped kicked the Singer and has never looked back! Seriously, if you are a novice sewer, try to save up for an intermediate machine. I realize it isn't fair to compare the Pfaff {a $1700 machine} with the Singer.
This product will only work on small stuff. If you've got normal sized scissors get another product.
This product does what it is intended to. Make sure to test the liquid on the surface of the object you are removing adhesive from, as faux leather, (for example), will have a bit of a white-ish residue after... May be true for other surfaces as well.
the thing consists of two parts...i was trying to put it together for few days...then my hubby was making fun of me...I asked him to assemble the thing...he is an Engineer and he spend half of the day truing to figure out how to put this two together...anyways eventually it did not fit my Singer....
The Boye single point aluminum needles are well priced and do a great job of knitting yarn. I have not snagged any yarn as they are smooth and go through the fiber well. They are sized accurately.Good value for the money.
These are a step up for Crayola or Rose Art. The colors are bolder than these other brands. This is the brand the school art teacher recommends too.
The frame was flimsy, the legs wobbled, bottom caps were missing from the legs and the mesh didn't come close to fitting the frame. It was cheap, impossible to put to any use and I have already thrown it away. I wouldn't even feel good to give it to someone else.
For starters, all of Xyron's products come on two rolls that bind together when fed through the machine so when you feed it, your finished product is and will always be slightly curved. I used this machine with the double laminate, the sticker, and the magnet rolls and all of them have this result. The double laminate does a terrible job at sealing around even the flattest of paper and if you cut anywhere close to the edge-it WILL come apart so expect a few centimeters of dead space around your final project. It absolutely does not work if you use any types of layers- it will bubble and warp and not have a smooth lamination. I used this product for my homeschooling daily charts so they could be reused and easily wiped off. It is very thin plastic which stained easily even with a dry erase marker. I do not recommend using this product.
What an expensive product when you add in shipping and handling. More than I paid with anyone else for such a light product and one of its size.I won't order from here again.Think twice before placing any order.
I was pretty bummed to find out this was made in China. However, very impressed with the quality. It is a VERY nice, heavy duty hole punch, very comparible to the $99 ones I have used in my office.
GREAT BUY FOR THE PRICE CONSIDERING A 4MB CARD ALONE COSTS MORE,LETS YOU SEE YOUR DESIGNS & BASIC EDITING,STORE YOUR DOWNLOADS IN YOUR PC & TRANSFER TO RW CARD AS NEEDED EASY FAST COOL NEED MORE CARDS BUY PED BASICS GET CARD & READER AS BACKUP BETTER THAN 149 FOR CARD ALONE ONLY READS PES FORMAT
No 4 items , they will send just 3 of them to you.Read seller answer about this :" Amazon sometimes combines the listing pictures. I show thatour listing was for three items not four"&iquest;&iquest;&iquest;&iquest;&iquest;?????Good quality chucks really, but picture and explanations are not true (3 items no 4).
I had a great time testing out this cordless glue gun. It has several handy features and works very well.I was skeptical about the cordless feature, as some in the past have not worked as well as my corded version. Let me explain how the cordless action works on this glue gun. It is very similar to our cordless drill. The battery snaps into the bottom of the handle. To charge, it fits into a small charger which can be kept anywhere near an outlet. The charger flashes a green light while charging and then a steady light once charged. The initial charge took just a couple of hours. The instructions say the battery has no "memory effect" - it can be put back on the charger even if it's not fully discharged.With the battery, the glue gun weighs less than 12 ounces. It feels very comfortable to hold and use. The glue gun has a trigger so glue only comes out when you need it, and a work light at the tip that illuminates exactly where you are working. The light can be switched from high to low intensity.There's a clear window on top so you can easily see when to add another glue stick. This gun takes mini-size low temperature or all-purpose glue sticks. Cold Heat also sells glue sticks just for this gun, that they say will maximize battery life.Right by the opening for the glue sticks, there are two small lights. One is a low battery indicator and the other is the PowerSave indicator. If you do not move the glue gun for eight minutes, it switches to this mode and stops heating the glue. As soon as you move it, it heats up again.The glue heating time was very quick. The gun is well-made and easy to use. It does not drip when resting, which keeps your workspace much cleaner. The FreeStyle Cordless Glue Gun is packed with features and works great.
I got a training manual that was hammered and went on the hunt for some tape to repair it. Sadly, the best tape I could find was regular thick packing tape. Thank goodness for Amazon and this tape as they came at just the right time. This is some great heavy-duty tape that I know won't ruin the books cover. I have to say that it is so great that I almost want to use it as packing tape. The only downside I find is you get 15 yards for $7. That is way too expensive to waste it on anything besides repairing books. I guess I'm going to stick with regular heavy packing tape and make sure I take care of my books.Shawn KovacichAuthor of the Achieving Kicking Excellence book and DVD series.
Bought this book for my daughter-in-law who is learning to tat. She is enjoying the learning process. I like the fact that the book comes with a variety of needles.
This item is very disturbing. No information as to the size at all. If I hadn't read the reviews I would not have known if I were going to get the correct blade. This came from a search for 45mm blades but obviously it is much smaller than that. I want a blade that will fit my cutter not something unknown without any description from Amazon at all. Don't know why this is even for sale. Maybe, if you have the holder for this cutter you would recognize it but when you are searching for a specific size it is very annoying to have to search through garbage.
It is not the perfect solution but it gets the job done.I had to really move both the canvas I was drawing on as well as the Tracer to get it to really focus.
I WOULD HAVE THOUGHT THAT A $[...] MODEL WOULD BE MADE BETTER THAN A MODEL THAT LOOKS LIKE IT WAS MADE BY A CHILD!!!!!!!!!
The handles are comfortable, and suitable for extended periods of work. I would recommend these punches for any crafter, but especially anyone who needs to punch a lot at one time.No complaints, great product!
Had a different mat. This one makes cutting easier. Go through less blades! Wish the markings for 1&#34; were a different color than the 1/2&#34;. Other than that, its incredible!
I purchased this glass and tile cutter for a bathroom project. After practicing curved and straight cuts I've decided to go a different route. I'm just planning to use it to cut tile pieces around the toilet, but I know that I will be breaking some in the process. It's a good thing that I purchased some extra tile pieces. If you're looking to any type of tile work I would not recommend this product, because it takes a lot of pressure and it has a poor grip. I haven't tried it on glass cutting, but I'm guessing it would work well for that.good: fast deliverybad: Not a very good tile cutter, horrible grip
My old kenmore sewing machine finally stopped working. It was about 40 yrs old. Was sad to see it go. This Brother machine that I purchased from amazon it a good machine for the price. So far it has mastered the sewing that I have needed to do. Over all I'm pleased. I will have to get use to the plastic parts. My Kenmore was metal.
I've been using my olfa cutter for years with the original blade and it still cuts like a razor. I cut leather, card board and mat board with out a hitch. great blade and great price compared to local retail outlets. I only bought this blade for a backup.
I ordered these 2 presser feet from Amazon shipment was really fast recieved it second day I opened the package first of all they were not in original box then I opened the manual it is a copy of the manual I can barely read it I called the company Gold Star Tool the telephonist answered and she said give me your phone number somebody will call you bad customer service then I asked did you send me used presser feet she answered I don't know I will not order from them I bought b4 from Amazon presser feet and I recieved them in original box .
I ordered this item more than one month ago, and was told by the seller (Gateway Baby) on April 7 that they were out of stock but one would be shipped to me in early May. Early May came and went, and I received nothing, so I contacted the seller on May 10, only to be told that one would be shipped early next month (June) from the manufacturer, since they were still out of stock. I would very much like to receive this bed so that I can review that actual product, but I'm still waiting and am debating canceling my order and getting my money back. Not sure if the problem lies with KidKraft or with the distributor (Gateway) but I am extremely frustrated. My 2-year-old may outgrow this bed before we ever actually get it.
It's exactly what I wanted. The cutting mat is pliable, durable, and I have yet to see how long the grid printing will last which looks like it could hold up to a lot of abuse.I'm definitely please to get such a deal.
This was a long overdue purchase for me. I've been spoiled since my mom has always had industrial sewing machines and sergers. I've seen these "at home" machines in action before and have never been really impressed.I watched the sales videos and read the reviews of several models before choosing the CS6000i model. Of course, Amazon does an amazing job of getting products delivered VERY quickly so I made sure to grab extra accessories at the same time.For the price, it's unbeatable. It's super easy to use and looks to be pretty durable. I have only mended and altered a few garments (dresses, my son's shorts, etc) and have not sewn anything from scratch, but that's on my to do list next.Pros:CompactEasy to storeEasy to use and instructions are easy to understandComes with (almost) every accessory you needExtended shelf makes it easier to work withEasy to thread (once you figure it out - I watched a youtube video to help with this)Easy to change out the feetCons:Lots of instructions to read through (though as stated above, fairly easy to understand)The cover does not latch on, only 'covers' the machineSpool holder isn't tall enough for the larger spools of threadThe cons are things I can definitely live with.I also purchased an edger attachment so I wouldn't have to buy a serger quite yet.I'm quite excited about this purchase! My last trip to the alterations shop cost me $75 (roughly half of what this machine cost), so I see lots of savings in my future=)
bought one for my mom, she LOVES IT!Amazon needs to update the photo, but the fasturn rocks!
I like this little table. It is just the right size to go with my daughter's toddler bed.
This is a nice product for young children in creating pictures or to be used in making crafts. My daughter loves the mini dots. She makes pictures and uses it for crafts. When I received them I thought that they would be smaller, they are the same size as the regular do a dot art except the sponge tip is smaller. The box that they arrived in was also larger than the regular do a dot art box.
Good for what it promised, but didn't stay well enough on the fabric to finish 6 letters of embroidery without wiping off. Finally settled on the Clover to do the original and traced over it with a quilting pencil which worked beautifully
I've had this mat for about two months and its cutting performance is great and it certainly works as advertised. However, the mat material has a VERY strong odor that smells exactly like a skunk. When I first received the mat, I put it in my office and within just a few minutes the smell was unbearable. I quickly moved it to a remote cabinet in my shop which I now try not to open unless I really need to. I'm trying to find a large plastic storage bag to hopefully seal in the smell, but no luck yet. The smell has not diminished one bit over the two months I have had it, so if you buy this otherwise great mat, be prepared ...
If you want something to use to make holiday bows then this works good. The product is very simple and the video is very dated. Overall the product seems a bit cheap but it does what it needs to do. I will use again over the holidays or to wrap gifts.
Thank you for being there. Let me know when you have afghan hooks and circular crochet/afghan hooks
Unfortunately product is good there are many problems I did not expect this thing of a large company such as brother, I hope to improve these problems
One hand operation makes these a handy addition to the scissors in my sewing tool box and will let me cut fabrics which I've been afraid to try before. Stretchy knits can be laid flat and the pattern cut without lifting and possibly distorting them. I anticipate great success even with a stretch satin bought for an evening dress.
What a waste of money. I went through almost all the plastic attachers without any success until I just threw this in the trash. What a rip off. I could have sewn on 20 buttons in the time I spent trying to get this to work.
The product description is not accurate. It indicates that the set contains two pairs of the scissors and a Fuzz remover. The package arrived with only one pair of scissors and no fuzz remover. Beware of the false advertising.
We bought two of these mats last Christmas. We used one for playing on (we have tile floors) and one as a safety net under my son's crib. Less than a year later the top layer is peeling off and the handles have torn off. This is not a sturdy mat. I am very disappointed in the quality. I am in search of a better quality mat as we are now using the mats for physical therapy. It is unpleasant to have pieces of the mat stuck to your child as she rolls or moves across the mat.
A nice book, easy to follow, fills in with ease. Great way to keep track of travels and all things new in BEER
The cord that connects the two needles is cheesey. I can't even begin to knit something with these things. The area where the needles and cord connects is tilted the wrong way as well; so it will be impossible to make a circle even if the cord relaxes.
Great way to organize a desktop. Easy to put together. Wood grain looks warm and like real oak.Great customer service!
I just received my Swingline Desktop Punch and it works perfectly! I will be using it all the time for my work. I would recommend this to anyone.
Finding a left handed pinking shears is very hard. Finding one with this quality was a great surprise. I've used it several times and get a good, clean cut every time. I recommend it to all lefties out there who sew.
This tape is supposed to be retractable, but there wasn't enough spring tension to retract it after I pulled it out for a measurement, and when I tried to adjust it, it fell apart. I ended up tossing the holder and just keeping the tape. Cheap, cheap, cheap.
Not the quality of the old-fashioned cases; but, hey, what does have old-fashioned-type quality these days? It fits my new Singer 5062 with space for manuals, cords, etc. It is not a hard-shell plastic, being somewhat pliable. It's very light weight and easy to use, and sturdy enough to keep your machine clean and well-protected from dust and minor damages if stored in a closet or cabinet or even on an open shelf; but not if dropped from any considerable height, such as knocked from the table onto a hard floor.
I bought this set for my 2 year old and it has turned out to be good quality. I gave it five stars because it is the perfect size for my toddler; it was easy to put together, it took about 45 minutes to an hour; the colors are attractive; and it has held up so far.
It is nice to have a fountain pen ink that is water proof. However, in this particular case it is at the cost of having an ink that takes forever to dry. This it almost impossible to use for left handed people, and one must accept the fact that when writing on multiple pages, there will be ink smears on the pages that touch each other. It's definitely good to have when signing documents or checks, but one can use a simple permanent pen from any office store for that limited use. Buyer beware!
I bought this to use with my yudu, I did my research and this product, while not approved by provocraft was compatible. I believe that I received a spoiled batch. It did not do as advertized. I contacted Amazon, they put me in touch with the seller, who told me to contact the manufacturer as the guy at their customer service had never used the product. The manufacturer reolied and told me something that might be happening when I responded to that with an inquiry for more information, I have yet to hear back and that was over a week ago. After this, I do not want to even try this stuff again
direct to the point: very unreliable. It doesn't stay at the adjusted point. it either retracts or falls apart when you are carry it. The tube cap doesn't fit tight either and falls off frequently. I bought it to carry my poster to a conference. I had to readjust it more than 10 times on my way to the airport and in the airport. the cap would also fall off every 5 minutes or so. I was so mad but needed the tube to protect the poster on the plane so had to bear with it, but I threw it out as soon as the plane landed. I bought another poster tube (another brand, about the same price) afterwards that works fine.
The wrong ribbon is posted with this ribbon. This is actually an orange ribbon with blue dots NOT the rainbow ribbon pictured. I ordered expecting what is pictured and had a deadline to meet and it messed everything up. We aware that you are not ordering what is pictured here!!!!
Even though I never used a sewing machine before, after reading the manual, I had no problem operating this machine. It is very easy to thread and use. The only thing I didn't like was that it's a bit lightweight, and it shakes a bit when sewing at full speed. For the price, though, I can't complaint.
Title says GOLD LEAF, the product description has GOLD LEAF in it, but look closely and you'll find &#34;COMPOSITE LEAF&#34; at the very end of the description.Talk about a bait-in-switch. This leaf has NO GOLD in it. Instead they sell you COMPOSITE GOLD, which is 85% copper and 15% zinc.Oh but wait, they produce the same effect same right?NO! Copper and Zinc OXIDIZE UNLESS PROPERLY SEALED.SKIP THIS PRODUCT AND BUY THE REAL THING!!!
I bought this machine three months ago and it has sewed everything from hospital scrubs to a quilt during that time. Prior to this purchase it had been years since I had last used a sewing machine, but the instruction manual guided me easily thru the set-up and useage. Well-outlined, illustrated and clear.I am not an expert seamstress, but this is so easy to use and quiet enough that you can have it in the living room without disturbing anyone. I have not experienced any problems at all and this machine came with a 25 year manufacturer guarantee. Overall I am very happy with my purchase!
this key didnt fit my clockbut it it was shipped on t ime and in good shape
I am disappointed in these gingher embroidery scissors. I have another pair of gingher embroidery scissors that I purchased MANY years ago that are still excellent. The ones I just purchased are much too stiff, and we were unable to loosen them. In addition, they started squeaking. We oiled them; the squeaking stopped but then returned
The daughter required this exact type of marker for her design class at college. She had been buying the individual markers at the student book store, but they were expensive. Although still not inexpensive, the set was a real bargain compared to the individual prices. She is ecstatic about the markers. They are excellent quality, and having the 24 separate colors allow her much more creativity in her college work. He classmates are jealous of her new set of markers. Good quality, good buy
I bought this item and it never worked. It made this pathetic little whirring noise like it was trying to , but just couldn't. It was flimsy, cheap, and a couple metal pieces were starting to rust. Keep in mind that I bought this new. The knob on the side fell off on first use to. Don't waste your money. I wouldn't buy this even at a dollar store!
I purchased this item when looking for a source for good quality colored wool. I love the wool but was disappointed when I found the exact same thing at Michaels for about $4.50 (regular price). If you don't have a source near you, this would be a good option but if you have a craft store that actually carries wool felting supplies, I'd check there first.
Awesome deal to have this paper delivered to your house (love Amazon Prime). We use this paper for wrapping paper, table clothes, craft paper and packing material. It is high quality thick paper. Just make sure you have room for the roll it's big!
Bought this for a friend's birthday, but wish I had just bought the foldable one for her instead. This doesn't come in a box like the foldable one and this is also larger and thus, bulkier. It's good if you don't want to pay the extra $8 or so for the nicer, foldable one.
I bought this ink the same time I bought a new fountain pen, So I immediately filled up the converter and went to work with it. It's the best ink for fountain pens that I've used in a long time. It dries almost instantly after writing. i did a test after reading one of the reviews and scribbled some things on a sheet of notebook paper, then ran the faucet with the page under water. The ink stays on the page. It doesn't wash off! It's great! I'm going to use this for check writing as well as school, now that I'm starting college in the fall, among other things as well.
Never arrived...hard to communicate with seller..they wanted me to remind them to look into the fact my product never arrived as they were on vacation and I had to wait till they got back...never buy from this person again!!Really wanted these crystals for a project I was working on!!
They are well built but the blades are thicker than some other scissors ive used, which makes it kindof difficult to trim with. There alright for the price.
You get what you get. You know the brand and it is good. I will use it in class as well as my kiddos.
The clay arrived quickly and is wonderfully fresh and new, better than some packages of this clay I have found. Service was great. Shipping price was a bit extravagant, though, more than twice what it really cost to package and ship the item. Will buy the clay again, but not from this vendor. I could get two packages of clay locally for what I paid for this and shipping.
Awesom Product but on they other they really need to up the cds so that you can created your own designs rather than keep spend more money i find disapointing that i now have to find the up to 8.03 verson cds.
As an industrial design student I use markers often. These were the first Cool Grays I purchased, but not the last I needed. The shades are not uniformly spread across a gradient. For example, the 20% is much darker than the 10%, and extremely close to the 30%. It won't matter about the 10% though, because it will dry out within a couple of weeks, and you'll need to replace it. After 4 months, and two dried out 10% markers, I stepped up and bought the other leading brand (see my other reviews). I am much happier with the performance of the other brand, and I won't be buying the Prismacolor again. Spend a little more now to get the best, or a lot more later replacing these.
I bought this skein of yarn to complete a project I had previously started and was unable to buy this yarn at a local store as they were no longer carrying Shadows.
This hole punch has solid construction and does a good job. I am glad we picked this up. Good value.
I am not unsatisfied with the product, but unhappy withthe price. I later found the same light box almost 30$ less.
My paint has sprung a leak. Something to consider when orderng via post. (Also, it arrived six days after the order was placed.)
Works great with my rotary cutter! The cutter does not leave any marks on the mat-amazing! Two sides with measurements is very convenient!
We bought this for my 17 year-old niece and it has been a great machine for her. Not a heavy duty machine, but a great machine that does well with day-to-day mending, light-weight sewing. Probably not for upholstery and such! It has a wide variety of stitches, and the directions are EZ! Perfect!
Purchased this hoping to use it for punching chip board. Worked for the first three punches and then broke. Don't bother if you want something with some heft.
I purchased this after reading the great reviews and information at the manufacturer's website. This ink is waterproof. But it is also very thin, permeates nibs and runs all over the metal part of the nib. If you use a paper that is not very absorbent it may work, or on checks. But on normal paper, it flares and distorts writing. The color when dried is not totally black but a dark gray.
I got pink ones for my little boy. Not that I have a problem with that but it would have been awesome if we could have gotten a pair in blue since it's his current fave color.
If I ever figure out how to use these I might be a genius.......The instructions were not very helpful and I failed to be able to fix the little bag I was trying to repair.
Item arrived on time but it came broken into three pieces. Probably sipping. Otherwsie it is a great product. Works well on all fabrics.
The ruffler foot does not fit my Singer model machine. So I am returning it to Ken's asking for a refund.I also went to my local Singer dealer and asked them about it. They recommended the same model no. foot so I guess there is no ruffler foot available for my Singer Professional DSX II machine.
I make my own fishing lures from balsa wood. I have never had an issue with the black Createx paint. It sprays evenly and I don't even thin it. Great product.
Wow, what a find. Can't say enough about the bobbin saver. Keeps bobbins organized, takes a small space, and bobbins aren't rolling around all over my sewing machine. PERFECT
this is not what I expected, I wanted a shorter reel as far as height goes, it is hard to store and heavy, I hardly use the stuff I wanted the paer to be not so tall.
I made a lap blanket from this. One skein was enough for the blanket. It stays tangle-free and is easy to work with.
Although I still use these the orange blade lock broke in two and was impossible to repair very shortly after purchase (days), so now the scissors constantly want to stay open. I did not abuse or force the blade lock, nor did I drop the scissors.
This circle cutter is very difficult to use. No matter how many times myself or another person used this product, it would never cut a perfect circle. I even brought it to a scrapbook get together with friends and no one could get the thing to cut a perfect circle. It ALWAYS overlapped. Not sure what the problem is with this cutter.
I also tried really hard to like this machine. I have trouble reading and I thought it would be easier to read on the computer screen rather than a smaller screen. I also am a home typist, so I thought I could maybe do my work and at the same time have a little enjoyment with my sewing. The concept is good if the machine would only work. I constantly get error messages saying that there is a 'hardware error' or that there is 'thread breakage.' I have ruined more than half of the items I've tried to monogram. I tried embroidering a small project today and broke three needles and tried 3 different types of thread. Can't figure out what the problem is. Other times when it works the work is beautiful. I've only had it for a month and right now am real close to returning it. The instructions are vague as well.
This paper wrinkles badly with the slightest bend, and tears with the gentlest tug. Planning on applying lots of wet tempera paint? Forget it. In order to lower costs, we decided to order this brand from amazon this year for a high school function; we'll definitely be looking elsewhere next year. A nightmare of wasted paper and artwork!
It is a must if you have a cricut. I didn't have one at first but I love using it!! It is so much asier to remove smaller items off the mat.
This is the exact tablet that I wanted and is perfect for what I had planned. However the packing was terrible. The tablets were FOLDED in half and stuffed into a flat box. Now I have 2 tablets with PERMANENT creases down the middle. This was the most unintelligent way to ship these products. No one wants a tablet that is folded and creased. They should be put into a FLAT box big enough for the tablets to lay flat or perhaps ROLLED but not folded.
We were immediately halted in our printmaking process by the fact that the base unit's wooden top bar (which the hinges get screwed on to) isn't even, one end is shorter than the other, so when attached with the hinge the screen won't lay flat against the base board.The kit was a great price, but not so great a price if we count out the base unit, which was really the main motivator to buy the kit instead of individual supplies. Ah well, bad luck for us.
It may be too soon to judge the Brother portable sewing machine. I bought from Amazon for small tasks only.I used a Singer stationary for years, loved it and wish I still had it.Just about everything I try to do with this one frustrates me. There are instructions for use but they don't seem to be complete.If I was to buy tomorrow it would be a Singer with a drop in bobbin and self threading. Hope there's remedy because I don't need another "thing" in my house.
I got this thinking it was a cheaper alternative to the popular brands. I see why the other brands are popular. I only used it off and on for a year. The blade is still sharp EXCEPT in the one space needed to cut the wire. When you look closely it has a small chip so it wont cut wires anymore. I know two other people with the same tool, both of their springs broke rendering their tool unusable. I also found out it's hard to buy replacement blades. The type of blade this tool uses isn't sold at your local stores. An online replacement plus shipping was half the cost of the tool. It is comfortable to hold and use, and the blades hold well on the back, but overall it's definitely not for long term or professional use.
Remember those one stitch sewing machines handed down to you by two generations of mothers that weighed 500 pounds and had their own gravitation pull? This is not that machine. Lightweight, lots of extras, lots of stitches and a handy book of 'how to's' are among the things included. A really well put together package for the beginner or seasoned veteran. And you cannot beat the price! Love it!!!
The bound book is fine. The quality of the pages are fine. The number of pages is way to little.
My daughter bought this toy with money she saved, used up all the parts in less than an hour, and we were disappointed to find NO information on how to get replacement pieces to keep making stickers. This is a major problem with this toy.
I was scared to death to try a serger but had started quilting and needed one to serge raw edges before washing fabric. The reviews for this one were so positive, so I thought what the heck, I'll try it. It is so simple and the directions are so easy to follow. I messed up the thread right off the bat--the thread that comes with the machine isn't the best so I would recommend rethreading it first. After that it has been easy. I would definitely recommend this to a beginner as an inexpensive way to get your feet wet!! I have a lot to learn! Not to mention the price being very reasonable.
This machine was a piece of junk and truly a waste of my money, time and patience trying to get it to work. Very flimsy, not easy to use. I was very disappointed since this was suppose to be for a 5 year old. Would not recommend unless you are a seamstress and already know how to work a sewing machine.
I am a complete beginner, and recently developed a new resolve to learn to sew...and bought this machine upon high recommendations of the sales person in a sewing shop. First, the auto threader does NOT work - maddening to even try. ...especially over and over and over again! Once manually threaded, it just jamms immediately when I try to sew a seam. Could easily be my mistake, as a complete novice, but I have followed the directions VERY carefully...From the reviews, I think it could be the machine. It just shouldn't be this hard to thread it and get a few stitches sewn!!
We purchased this for my 4-year-old son. He does love this toy, but the design of the blocks is very frustrating. There are very few wedge shaped blocks (maybe only one) so the marbles will not follow the track. The height of the blocks is about 1" so you can't put the blocks so that they have enough slope without them falling off the very narrow columns. Basically, a small child cannot build a marble maze on his own (that works anyway) and even with help the blocks are constantly falling off the columns or other risers. We have to use a box to get enough height going easily with the blocks included.Still, my son plays with it and pretends the marbles use graviti like they should. He makes them go uphill in sections and then lets them go when he can.I'd recommend buying extra marbles. They are small and clear and very easy to lose.We have had to repair two of the animals already (in three weeks) but we do have two small boys who are hard on toys. We had to glue a nose back on animals that broke off. Can't remember the other repair.I would not recommend this toy even though it is colorful and does promote learning. Rather, I'd look at another simiilar toy and see if it's easier to use. Had this been less expensive, I might not have been so disappointed. I feel like they did not test this toy at all-just put it out there for sale.
We just bought these and they are horrible. They dissolve so quickly. Once wet they start "melting" even if you aren't drawing with them. Waste of money. My son loves to draw and he hated these. He only used them once in the tub and won't touch them again.
I really don't like. The price is really cheap, but it really worth &#34;every penny&#34;. So be prepare what you pay is what you gonna get!
After having good experiences with Melissa and Doug products I was extremely disappointed in this stamp set. The ink was dry and unusable, the pencils didn't write and the box itself does not have a cover for storing. My grand daughter had no fun at all with this set. Worthless, useless product.
I use this punch for pages that go into an 8"x8" two-ring binder.Before I received the punch, I was hoping that the punch was adjustable enough to make it work for the binder, which not only has two rings but is also at an odd spacing. And I was thrilled to discover that the punch is indeed fully adjustable.Each punch is positioned on a track, and with the turn of a thumbscrew on the back of the unit, each individual punch can be slid into position. Both the top and bottom punches can be raised/lowered to a variety of heights, and the center punch, while not fully adjustable, can be placed into a "neutral" zone which disables it from punching.While you can't change the margin of the punch (the measurement from edge of paper to punch) you can change the height.And it does punch beautifully- I use it for cardstock covered with multiple layers of paper glued on top (collages) and it punches through all the layers without issue. I definitely appreciate the "confetti catcher" at the bottom, as well.All in all, this is a GREAT punch to have around for not only traditional use, but also for odd little binders and photo albums and scrapbooks. I can't believe the price- I really thought I was going to have to pay thirty+ dollars for something this heavy duty and adjustable. Highly recommended.
My 6 year old got this for Christmas 6 months ago. I still can't figure out how to make it work right. I am a professional seamstress and I can't work this crappy little plastic thing. How is a child supposed to? I wish we could return it, but the relative who purchased it didn't keep a receipt. I think I'm going to go buy her a real mini machine.
When I received this product, the sleeves were separated from the binding, where they should've been attached. Completely unacceptable, even at this price.
My five year-old son has several Geotrax accesories, a decent amount of tracks, trains and model decors, but we don't have a place to set them up permanently, so they have to be put away after each playing session. We used to store them in an empty drawer, but some of the accesories wouldn't fit unless placed in very specific places in a very specific order, in a setting that proved annoying for him and in the end to us.I knew the toys would fit perfectly in the boxes, but I decided to buy two of these boxes after checking the closet's dimensions. The boxes fit perfectly in the narrower part of the closet, with about and inch and half slack on both sides, allowing him to pull them out. Since the narrow sides collapse in a sort of "trap door" fashion, sometimes he gets a kick out of getting his toys out of the opening instead of pulling the whole box out after peeking inside to make sure he's found what he's looking for. He can put his toys away reasonably fast, sometimes being very carefull about the ordering, sometimes not. He hasn't been able to scratch the plastic no matter how tough he handles them, and more important for us, the overall surface and handles are very smooth for his little hands.He loves the colors, which are very bright even under dim lights, and has asked for more boxes like this to store his Lego pieces, so I'll say that's a happy customer.
Is the price worth it? I think not. The only thing I've used in the kit was the scissors (which was the only thing really useable). The needles were small and fragile and you get very little thread. The needle threaders don't even work. It's like a thin wire has been elmer-glued to some aluminum foil. Anything that requires a little yank will make it fall apart. If you want a traveling sewing kit, I'd advise you look elsewhere. If you're new to sewing and want something unthreatening, then this is what you want. I doubt the needles are even sharp.
Took about two weeks to receive and once they arrived they were scratched and flemsy. Also, I ordered another pair from the same poeple, the black tweezers, and they were rusted.
The kit is a neat design. The quality of the canvas and threads are not top quality. The thread colors could be more vibrant. The instructions are clear. I purchased two of these kits and the packaging was different for each of them.
I was very pleased with this paper. It was used to make a poster to hang outside on a retaining wall. I was amazed how sturdy this paper is. It held up perfectly, even in the wind. Great product. Thanks
I only do cross-stitch patterns so I can't speak to how effective this software program is for embroidery or bargello work although it does have regular, half and back stitches, French knots plus a bunch of custom stitches (smyrna cross, trellis, eyelet, chessboard, stars, etc).You start with a basic template where you select a "canvas" by size (in inches or in stitches), specify the number of thread strands and choose a cloth color. This creates a blank, grid-type canvas where you apply your choice of stitches. The program starts with a standard palette to which you subtract or add colors and one of the best features of the program is the fact that it lists hundreds of floss colors by name and number. Included are DMC (six strand floss, rayon and metallic), Anchor, JP Coates, Kreinik varieties, Maderia classic and a number of Mill Hill beads. I have no idea how up-to-date the thread collections are, however; the DMC section doesn't list the variegated threads plus the Mill Hill bead sections don't seem nearly large enough to encompass all their beads. Something the manufacturer might want to think of adding is a feature that would correlate DMC colors with Anchor colors so if you are publishing your design you can list both sets of colors.The color palette offers you a choice of colors by number or by color range. You select the color you want, add it to your palette and assign it a symbol (there are 200 available). Removing colors is very easy plus you have the option of replacing colors (eg turn all stitches done in "carnation lt" to "forest green md").Other handy features: spray (to color in a whole section); horizontal and vertical mirrors; center; and erase. You can zoom in to see sections of the design close up and you can remove the grid entirely. There are also options to show the design in black and white, in color and in color with symbols. Another nice feature is that you can switch to text mode using any TrueType font.The program gives you a large number of "cutesy" designs and borders in a special library so you can cut and paste them on your designs. You can also import your own pictures and photographs directly to the library. A word of warning -- copying jpgs doesn't work very well, especially with anything over 40x40 square, as jpgs tend to blur pixels so you don't get a clear, sharp image.Problems: I have read their instructions and tried everything I can think of but I can't get the program to copy part of a design and then move it to another part of the canvas. If you select "copy" the program picks up the section you choose and leaves a blank space behind. You can get around this by deleting the section and then pasting the original back on the canvas after which you paste more sections (one at a time) to the canvas, but this is time-consuming and clunky.I have several times added the same color to the palette by mistake. This is a real pain to correct as you can't simply replace the second one with the first or combine them. The program really should tell you if the color you have selected is already in the palette. Also, if I have been working on designs for two-three hours, the program very occasionally turns itself off. On using the program again you do get a message saying there is a design that hasn't been saved so, theoretically, you can retrieve your work that way.If you work on a design and later decide to import a palette you have used in another design, you will get one of the more cryptic error messages I have ever seen: "You cannot load a new palette unless there are no stitches set." Why you can't add colors this way seems strange to me, it would certainly be a handy feature.I don't what other stitching programs are out there so I can't compare this one to them. I do like it and it's a lot of fun to play with despite the fact that it is a bit clumsy to use ("undo" as a icon on the toolbar would be nice). I have made seven original designs I like very much and plan to make more. One more thing: you can choose a regular time (month/six months/year) for the software to contact M&R; for updates. I assume this means you can download corrections or new features as they become available.
It came in a timely manner but it came folded and crumpled. I can't get it smoothed out to put on the wall.
This is not quite what I thought it would be. The sand comes off. It's not see through so it obscures my cutting ruler measurements. It's small so it's not big of a deal.
I'm transferring 30 years worth of family photos from shoe boxes into archival quality envelopes and boxes and am using the light box to match negatives to prints which became separated over the years. Thought it might be too large but, in fact, it is too small to display a full 35 print set of 35mm negatives. In spite of this, it's a godsend. I was going blind trying to hold the negs up to the light. It's also nice to have a light box around to do tracing.When I removed it from the box there was something loose inside the metal case but it doesn't seem to be anything important. It would also be nice if it came in a box more suitable for storage. The only box is the shipping box that is not convenient to close.I purchased a 5X loupe and white, cotton gloves to go with the light box.
Description states that it "includes frame with base attachment with hinges." It does not. It is just the frame and screen. Save yourself a few bucks and buy the the other one that states it only has the frame.
It looks very cute, but the screws did not fit in about half of the dowels. The wood is nice, overhang sides Re a good touch, I'm just not sure how long it will last with improper fits.
Looks like my box of sheet protectors didn't get the protection they needed. Box arrived open (used). I didn't bother to count to see if they were all there and dust particles in most of the sheets. I think there are some salvageable ones at the bottom.QA?? Definitely not a new unopened product as promised. I am not big on paying reshipping fees on clearly messed up product. Choose a different supplier.
This is a pretty decent entry-level compressor. If you're just getting into airbrushing or you know you're only ever going to work on small projects, this is an excellent purchase. However, if you're potentially at risk of working on anything larger than a model kit or a t-shirt you'll probably want to bite the bullet and get something with a larger capacity now rather than later. I've recently started customizing bike frames and on the long strokes this compressor's capacity can feel frustratingly anemic.So to sum up:Small projects = goodLarge projects = bad
This small vial may well be the costliest of all painting mediums but one must always pay the price for the best. The use of amber as a varnish was not widespread, even amongst the old masters. However, nn the paintings that have come down to us where it was used they show an unparalled state of preservation coupled with a sublime patina.Added to oil paint it is treasured for very particular effects and working qualities. These effects might be replicated with other mediums but are ephemeral since they cannot provide the same guarantee of longevity and structural integrity. Alkyds for instance have been known to delaminate. Mediums made with soft resins such as damar or mastic may be easily dissolved during future cleanings.Only hard resins like amber and copal resist the action of solvents.The highly esteemed firm of Jacques Blocks et Fils is the only source for amber varnishes made without driers and other additives that spoil its wonderful properties.For reasons unbeknownst to me amber does seem to intensify colors while leveling the paint surface. It can be combined successfully with turpentine for an excellent retouch varnish or combinations of oil of spike, stand oil, poppy oil or linseed depending on one's needs.
I returned this item because it was too big for the Brother ES2000 sewing machine I bought. It was very bulky and took up way too much room. The machine rattled inside the case and slipped around. It would probably be better for a larger machine.
I went through it quickly to check out the quality and the ease of use, I think it will be fine.
I purchased one of these for my wife. When we unpacked it, we found the needle was not aligned to go into the slot on the base plate. Instead it would hit the plate itself. A call to Singer's support line confirmed that this is something that requires service and cannot be fixed by us. However, authorized dealers won't touch machines like this unless they sold it, or unless they have an arrangement to get paid by Singer for warranty work. So, we returned the machine for a replacement. Amazon was very good about getting the replacement sent to us, but the replacement had the same problem! Appears to be poor quality control at the Singer factory. We returned the second machine for a refund.
helps with machine to make taking out the stickers easier and helps with placement of stickers etc.
I was really excited to see how the fine and xtra fine size worked because those sizes have been particularly hard for me to find. The packaging was good and no ink had spilled, but the fine and xtra fine are not worth it. They dont write like fountain pens, more like a large sharpie marker. The tip of the pens have too much depth which does not separate the think lines from the thin ones; it all just looks like one stroke from a marker. The larger sizes work well and the ink colors are great too! I love the way the orange looks with the larger pens. The practice book is bogus. The paper has too much moisture and the ink feathers everywhere. I practiced on parchment and self-stainded paper.
Recently I purchased the Brother CS6000i sewing machine to take to quilting classes. I needed a light weight portable machine and this machine fit the bill. It does everything my regular machine does and is very good. It is very light and easy to carry. I was very pleased with my first use and very glad I purchased this machine. For the price it is wonderful. Don't be afraid to buy a Brother. Great quality.
These earrings were as advertized, Tiny Sterling silver, turquoise and lapis inlay. If I had seen in person how tiny they were I might not have bought them and looked for some a bit larger, but they are well made and my favorite gemstones. And the price was great. They are comfortable and of quality materials.
I gave my Fiskar's to a friend. I'd had them for 30+ years and they were still sharp. I purchased this pair for myself and found the quality to be the same as my originals. I do a lot of crafting and "pinking" so I've got to have a good, sharp pair to work with. This is the same brand that my kids used for home-econ. Great product for the price. The price was definitely less than the stores in my area.
I bought this to practice Chinese calligraphy and loved it at first.But after some use it started getting bumpy which makes it hard to usefor brush practice. I think I'd invest in a Buddah Board before buyingthis paper.
This product served it's purpose well. I wanted it to make rings with silver wrap.
I have been a sumi-e student for a number of years now and therefore always look for supplies. I saw this paper and even though I received it some time ago today is the first time I have used it. I am very disappointed with the quality. The paper itself is exactly what it said but the rolls are not a continuous 20 feet but small glued sections to total 20 feet. Therefore it is useless for any art work other than the smallest. That it was not a continuous roll was not in the product description. I will think twice before using this seller or product again.
As a beginning sewist, this machine was simple and easy for me to use. I chose it because it has a large number of stitches (39) for machines in its class, one-step buttonhole and its reasonable price. I just got rid of Virgina recently, when I traded her in for a Pfaff. (No real fault of hers; I decided to go from an electric to computerized machine. They are worlds apart.)Here are a few of the features:-Needle Threader-One step buttonhole-Drop-In bobbin-Free Arm-Adjustable Stitch Length and Width-Adjustable Presser Foot Pressure-Adjustable Needle PositionWhat I love about the 2662 now is the number of feet available for such a basic machine. I purchased the machine in 2004. By 2006, I had made two table runners and had a very false start on a knit wrap. I've picked up sewing again and I've graduated to sheer fabric and patterns with gathers. To complete these projects, I've ordered a gathering foot and a walking foot. While I was at it, I got the ruffler attachment, 1/4" foot, cording foot, button sewing foot and invisible zipper foot.The machine comes with a blindstitch hem foot, rolled hemmer, button hole foot, zipper foot, general purpose foot, overcasting foot and special purpose foot. The only foot I don't own is the darning foot. With the selection of feet, I think this machine will grow with you as you move from beginner to intermediate sewing level.Singer customer service has also been great about answering any questions I have. The reps are always pleasant and friendly. I had some problems ordering the straight stitch foot because on the website, there was both a a 1/4" foot and the straight stitch foot. I ordered the straight stitch foot and they sent the 1/4" foot. This happened twice. Finally, they figured out that it was the same foot and corrected the website.The only problem I ever had with stitches was when I used two pieces of regular thread to topstitch denim. Sometimes, one of the threads would be too loose. It could have totally been my fault because I didn't know to adjust the tension.DislikesThe machine is noisy and vibrates at higher speeds. This is probably not a fair criticism because it is an entry-level machine. You do have to have a long thread tail when you start your stitches.
Not easy to use. Does hold dust ruffle in place. Some of the pins break. Would not recommend to others
I got this set for my 2 daughters (2.5 and 5 year old).The ink is not well washable, which can be a problem if they put some on carpet and clothes. They put stamps on their bodies and it took 2 baths to get the ink off.The variety of color ends up making all the stamps brown / black since children don't bother whipping them off of the previous color.They still had a lot of fun with them but I am now looking for washable inks with individual containers to avoid mixing.
Nice pattern. Punching is no fun, in fact if I had not (a few times) seen completed ones, I would think it's impossible. I think it must take a Lot of practice. I used the pattern & thread for a needlepoint instead, that came out nicely. The big problem is that punching looks & is described as "easy," when it's anything but.
We have had this in our business for about 9 months. Breaks down easily. The paper guide is flimsy and does not center the paper properly therefore allowing the holes to be placed in a random position. It's broken down numerous times, which I've taken the time to fix but now it's ready for the trash. Suggestion: don't buy it.
Very good price and very durable product. Fiskars continues to live up to their fine reputation.
Not to shabby of a fabric shaver. As one other reviewer noted you need to slip off the cover and depth adjustable cap...it simply does not work with it in place.You also need to give the batteries a good 6 hours to charge. The shaver doesn't work with the power cord attached...that's only for charging the batteries.
Fun fur that I have purchased elsewhere by the same brand and name is usually a silky textured, long-lashed yarn that knits into a soft, beautiful product with a soft color.The usual product is made in Italy. This yarn by the same name and brand is made in Turkey. It is coarse, has shorter, thicker "fur," and has a brassy color and straw or brillo-like texture. I returned it.
First of all, I got this at my local craft store for half the price. Second of all, I guess the quality of this set depends on what you want. It comes with ONE scratchbord which already has the image printed on it, so you essentially use the craft tool to trace it and.... that's it. It says that there is a practice board but it's actually a 1X2 inch piece of board identical to the only other one that comes in the kit - pretty lame. If all you're looking for is to trace someone else's art work the finished product does look nice, and it is good quality scratchbord, otherwise buy something else.
Meet and exceeded mt expectations -This was my second order as I needed more for my project on my boat!
i ordered these to finish a blanket for my 10 year old... the texture is amazing but darn to darn the colors weren't exact.. some were faded & others were bright.. also I only ordered once and got 2 shippments and billed twice... so watch your payment account,.. I got the blanket done and my kiddo loves it..
I ordered these at the last minute so I would have a pair of travel scissors for a longer vacation, but wish that I had spent more on a nicer pair. They are difficult to both fold and un-fold, and you have to fiddle with them to get them to lock into place properly. They do a decent job of snipping threads and plastic in a pinch, but I would be happier if they were more solid and sturdy. As such, I can't recommend them.
Great item! I plan on purchasing a few more. If your thinking about getting one for yourself or as a gift, stop thinking about it; I assure you it's money well spent. It's top class; from the weight, the action and the quality of impression, everything about it says first rate. Also, don't be timid about requestIng a unique design, the company's staff are creative people who in my experience can bring your ideas to pass. Great item!
I don't learn from reading. I learn from being taught in real life, by a real person. Well this book taught me. This book is definitely for anyone who is just like me. It is amazing and i cannot believe it but i'm tatting. I picked it up and did it like i always just knew how and could. I will post some images from all i've done in about 3 days of having this book. I'm hooked and i would have payed upward of $50 for this book. Amazing. I'll be using tatting in jewelry making, crazy quilting and much more.
I gave mine to my Mother-in-law and have missed it ever since but was too cheap to buy another. Well I finally got one for Christmas. I love the Sibley book. I also love the Tory Peterson books. They are both winners. I guess you could say they "Wrote The Book!"
Okay, so I didn't read the actual blurb, but I wanted a book about ART journals, not about making journals. But, if you are looking for good ideas for cute journals ... this is it. Lovely art work and clear instructions.
wasn't expecting it to be sooo big & really can't use it on making my homemade cards but will have neice & nephew make holiday craft with it tho...
The album kit is fairly easy to use, and does indeed include everything you need. However, I have a couple of concerns...1) It looks like this album can hold substantially more than the 10 included sheets, but finding additional sheets of the double-sided paper is next to impossible. One Amazon vendor carries it, but they charge crazy shipping rates... The only other place I can find it is from Canon directly, where it is way overpriced. ($8.50 for ten sheets... I don't think so.)2) The pickup mechanism for the printer appears to "burnish" the semi-gloss on the pages. While this does not appear to damage the ink surface, it is visible under some light conditions.Lastly, for those considering using one of these, the special double-sided paper requires a half-hour of air drying using the included paper holders + 2 days of drying as part of a photo/"drying sheet" sandwich. So don't expect you will be taking pictures at a party and giving an album to the guest of honor before they leave.SirWired
This is a great price for a large set of knitting needles although I do wish I had ordered the 24" set because 36" is too big for most projects but that was my mistake as a novice knitter. Overall it's a great price and good quality, just make sure to get the best size for you.
I really liked the spatula tool when I first got it. It's a lot better than trying to use my fingernails to get the paper off the sticky mat. But if the paper is delicate, or a delicate design, it crinkles the paper, and doesn't keep it nice. I also feel that it scrapes off some of the stickiness of the mat, so it doesn't last as long. Later I bought the cricut 'tool set' (not sure if that's exactly what it's called) but I like it a TON better! The tools are smaller and work Great! If I would have known, I would have bought those only and not the spatula at all.
It was great when it was new but stopped working after 2 years. This machine has computer functions with codes. If you get an 'F' code you have a choice of either bringing it to a dealer or it's junk. If you decide to bring it to an authorized repairer the cost is $114 just to look at it. If you need routine maintenance such as oiling you also need to bring it to a dealer. I wouldn't buy another Brother sewing machine. It's a great machine but it just didn't last.
When I opened the box, everything came tumbling out. A cap was off the one of the paints, but seal wasn't broken. Brushes aren't very sturdy. It's good for a beginner but quality is lacking.
This is a yarn that makes me think of someone a hundred years ago working away on a spinning wheel. The colors are beautiful, the texture is thick and soft, and there are very fine 'hairs' coming off it about an inch long that you don't really notice until you've knitted a few rows. It's also thick enough that it will definately keep you warm. I've started a scarf using #11 knitting needles and it's coming out wonderfully.The only reason this yarn gets four instead of five stars is because it seems to be taking me longer than usual to knit with it. I may need to switch from bamboo to aluminum needles because it doesn't 'slide' well on bamboo and I think that is what's slowing me down. Or it may be the extra moment it takes to locate the actual thread I need to knit next, because when it's next to the other thread on the needle, it blends in due to the fluffiness of the yarn. It may not even slow down more practiced crafters.All in all, I'm very pleased with the yarn, and willing to take the extra time to work with it because the end result is absolutely beautiful. And I definately plan on buying more for future crafts.
I got this pack because I thought it was a deal to get 150 pictures. But the truth is that the ink is gone and I still have half of the paper left. I am disapointed with my picturemate in general because you usually find ink with the paper and many stores don't carry the ink for it at all. If we buy both together, in my opinion the ink should last the whole package of paper. The quality of the print is great, but it is much cheaper and convenient to go to any kodak machine in groceries stores for the same quality.
For $[...] I expected much better quality. The thing fell apart after just over a year.
The paper I ordered was not the same as the Epson S041637 that you pictured to be sent. Instead it was another package of Epson Fine Art Velvet. The colors did not match the paper profile I use for the paper in the white box with the blue stripe and touch of green. Am disappointed in the switch. How do I get a paper profile for that paper?
Yes. I am impressed with the product. It worked fine. Price V/S work performed by tool is excellent. you don't need to spend $15/$20 for pricey tool which work just like this Hole Punch.
beautiful for pictures and posters from home printer.great matte paper for single or double sided use.
I like it, but I couldn't get it to self thread. There seems to be no hook as described. Threading the machine should be easier; you have to put the thread through an eye that is hard to get to. It is still new to me.
This might be okay if you're punching thin paper, one sheet at a time, but when I tried heavier paper the plastc - yes, plastic! - handle snapped right off. Maybe mine had a defect, or a weak section, but without a metal core the plastic will eventually weaken and break. Not at all worth the money, I will never buy one like this again.
these are my favorite colored markers! The only reason i gave them 4 instead of 5 stars is because they do bleed slightly compared to sharpie brand, but they have a much more comfortable feel/grip than sharpie does. They write really smoothly and look bright and crisp. Love the colors too
I bought 2 as gift for my wife, she likes doing scrapbooking and will try it, I was hoping that they were useful to her. Sticks very well, but only could apply glue in +/- 30 photography 4x6 inches size, applying a little glue over edge of each photo. In general, it sticks well, but the glue does not last very much.
This might be okay if you're punching thin paper, one sheet at a time, but when I tried heavier paper the plastc - yes, plastic! - handle snapped right off. Maybe mine had a defect, or a weak section, but without a metal core the plastic will eventually weaken and break. Not at all worth the money, I will never buy one like this again.
I bought a $25 version of these (big pack of 10 poster sized sheets). They work excellently. marks easily come off with the swipe of a finger even after sitting for a while.
I might have given these pens a 3 star rating but one pen came without any ink. A decent pen at a decent price but nothing that would inspire me to purchase them again. For their purpose when they come with ink work as stated.
This is a small workhorse. I use it constantly to cut mainly cardboard and it is sharp and well made. The handle needs some improvement to prevent your fingers from hurting after extended use.
It was not sharp at all, I have tried with many stuff but it didn't work at all, it doesn't cut. I have throw it
Not that helpful. Dont waste your money unless you can get it for cheap at used book store.
This desk organizer was not easy to put together. The dowels came through the other inside and could not be pushed back in, so one of my vertical pieces does not fit well at all. Also, the dividers on the bottom are made of cardboard! What gives! Cardboard - you have got to be kidding. Couldn't you supply a very thin piece of the material that te rest was made of. When I put something on this shelf and it pulls out, everything fall off. UGH! Try another desk organizer.
Product is so so. Did not work on my jacket. The stops don't work very good at all. Instructions are horrible. Hopefully I can find something it will work on in the future. Wish I would have taken my jacket into the local alterations shop to fix zipper, gonna have to do it anyways. Maybe I did something wrong, but then that goes back to the horrible instructions.
I was happy to receive this poster sooner than expected. I like that it is colorful and it grabs my grandson's attention. The one thing I am not happy with is the book, Song of Solomon is listed as Song of Songs. I don't know if that is a misprint or they just changed the title of that book of the bible. I am keeping the poster because it was a good price, just marking out that title and changing it.
Right color but not good to use when making stocking caps as product does not give. It also takes quite a bit more as this yarn is very thin!!!!!
The set came with 2 greens and no red. The odor from these small plastic paint jars was overwhelming. The jars are too small to accommodate the Crayola toddler paint brushes that would go with this set. I am not very happy that Crayola will not disclose its ingredients other than saying it does not use Red #40 dye. May contain ingredients found in other Crayola paints such as: baking soda, citric acid, mannitol, polyethylene glycol used for its texture, sodium benzoate used as a preservative, mineral oil and various food colorings.We will continue to look for paint by a company that discloses all its ingredients.
Folks this machine sells for $154.00 at Walmart regular price and even less at other locations. Google it, you will find this machine is not even near the original price it claims of over $449. Prime example of false advertising. Check it out yourselves, don't fall for it.
The glue was totally dried up. I was looking for something to glue little die cuts on paper cards, this is your average everyday glue stick, but super skinny. It may have worked for what I needed, but I did not get the chance to try as it was completely dried out when I got it. Ordered the Amertombow Mono Aqua Liquid Glue, 1.69 Oz, Liquid and that worked for my needs.
It is a little harder than other punches, but it is because has to cut a lot in one punch... once you know how hard you have to push... all flowers comes out beautifuly. Is not that hard and the die is wonderful.
7 heads = good; Where they go = very, very bad. You cannot adjust this for desk datebooks, and the punches sold by Franklin Covey and Day Timer are getting bad ratings. Where is a person to go for a good hole punch these days?Grrrr.
It is just what I needed for my &#34;old fashioned&#34; sizzix! I recently inherited some sizzlet letters and needed the converter in order to use them! Love how simple it is to add/remove from sizzix making it super easy to use!
I don't normally write negative reviews, but I feel this purchase (and I foolishly bought 2 of them) was a complete waste of money. It advertises itself as a bead storage box. Well, first of all there weren't enough dividers so some spaces have to be larger even if you don't need them larger. Secondly, those dividers slip out very easily, mixing the beads up. Thirdly, once you get the beads in the box, they are very hard to get out of the box, especially considering how easily the dividers lift out of place. I am going to have to buy something different for bead storage.
Ordered 4 rolls for $5 each. I thought they were bigger than they were so I had to order another 4. The price went from $5 to $5.50. Today the price is over $9. Something is wrong with this listing. Not too happy with purchase.
In the description and reviews it says that it works fantastic as a water-resistant/proofing product on synthetic fabrics. I applied it 3 times onto my backpack, making sure that each time the Nikwax was totally dry, and then dribbled water on it to test it. Water soaked in everytime, it didn't even form droplets or run off. I had high hopes for this product because I didn't want to go buy another day pack but I was sadly disappointed. So I got a rain cover instead.
I ordered this paper hoping that it would be a heavier paper than it turned out to be, but the overall paper quality was fine.What I found really disappointing was the condition it arrived in. Amazon failed to place enough packing in the box to cushion the weight of the paper. As a result the ream split open its packaging and some of the paper had bent edges. Something to think about before you order paper.Frankly I've come to expect better packing from Amazon and was disappointed that this happened.
If you are new to veneering, don't think you can make due with a utility knife--even with a new blade. Don't try the pizza cutter, either. Buy a rotary cutter, or you're a polka-dot pig! Not much money, and you will save lots of agravation and many sheets of splintered veneer.
you say the item is "heavyweight" but you can see through it. you say it has a smooth side and a textured side, there is no difference with the two sides. paper is too thin for watercolor which is what i wanted it for. very disappointed. if i could get my money back on it i would.
Perfect tool for the stamps I use for my quilting projects. Two handles means I don't have to change the cutters all the time.
I bought this to punch extra holes in in my polo knee pads and a few belts. It's made out of a pretty sturdy metal, and I don't worry about it holding up when I'm punching holes. My complaint is that it doesn't quite cut through the leather as well as other hole punches I've used. It could be sharper. This leather punch cut through the majority of the thin leather easily, but the parts aren't quite flush (I'm guessing), which is why it never quite cuts the hole completely (think of an old paper hole punch - they'll punch the holes, but there will be a little part that isn't really cut, so the inside hole sticks to the sheet and you have to rip it of - I hope that makes sense, haha).The straps on my knee pads are pretty thick (comparable to bridle leather), but I keep them well conditioned. If you intend to use it on tack, it should work just fine for well conditioned leather. If the leather is dry and cracking, punching a hole with these might be difficult. These were able to get the job done for my knee pads, with a lot of grunting, twisting, and pulling, and for the belts, with less effort.If you're not looking to spend too much on a hole punch and it's only for a couple of things (from bridle leather to belts), I'd recommend this. If you plan to use it professionally or regularly, maybe spending a little more on a quality hole punch will be worth it, to avoid the frustration you might get with this one.
I bought the Swingline Commercial Electric 3 hole punch machine with 20 sheet capacity with model number of 74525. This is my very first order through Amazon.com. I had it delivered via regular UPS and it only took three days to get to my place with nice package. When I opened it, it was a brand new one and once plugged, it worked like a charm. I recommend this solid piece of office product that everyone should own. It works smoothly and I am very productive due to this piece of electric marvel.
Received item in mail, with an old blade. Had dents and scratches and package was not even opened yet. Sending out for a exchange, but disappointed in Amazon's otherwise exceptional service.
Unlike the old cases where the machine snugly fits inside and the lid over it, This is an inexpensive piece of plastic with latches on the sides. The machine just sits on a plastic grid bottom with nothing to cradle or hold it in, so it can bounce around inside when walking or if tipped over. As for walking with it, the handle in strangely and cheaply made. There are ridges for grips, but they don't work well since they are raised ridges which dent your fingers when you hold it, due to the weight of the machine. If you're moving it in a short distance (across a room) then you're not holding it long enough to hurt your fingers. Hmm, can't find much good about it, except it is a good dust cover. Why would Singer make such nice machines and skimp on the carrying case? It is the type of quality that would be given away at no charge, with the purchase of a machine.
I got these Barber Shears to cut people's hair at night for a few extra dollars to pay for cheese. They are pretty basic but sharp. I wasn't paying attention and I got a man's ear pretty badly. I would have liked to see these without such sharp ends.
My experience would've been perfect except for the fact that the handle had jagged plastic leftover from the molding process and it cut my hands the first time I had to use it. I filed down the problem areas and it's fine now. there should be a little more care given to the product before it's sold to the public.
I have a preschool classroom and the kids love these. They dry quickly so the kids can bring them home the same day. However, the first time someone used then, they scrubbed on the paper and the foam applicator came off.
The item was exactly what I was looking for, the shipping was in line with what I expected and the price? Well I have been looking for one of these for a few months just to have one for a hobby I have, but always put it off as they were $20-30. For the price that I got it for here, couldn't say no and am glad I didn't, great deal.
This caddy was everything I needed to organize our "more-than-basic" sewing supplies. It very neatly holds and contains lots of little spools, needles, buttons, and bits of other things, however it is difficult to open and close. This is due to a pretty cheap plastic construction and rough edges that bind moving parts.You definitely get what you pay for with this unit, but I would save up for a slightly nicer one if I had it to do over.
This the first sewing machine I've personally owned. I grew up using my mom's Singer machine, so I knew I wanted to look at Singers before thinking about any other brands. I fell in love with the splash of red on this machine, and the fact that it includes all of the basic necessary features. Two pleasant surprises - 1. The thread cutter located to the left of the needle/presser foot. Definitely comes in handy! 2. The brush included in this set has a cap on one end covering a seam ripper. Very insightful.
I had an urgent and important meeting the took me to the other coast with a pair of pants I had not worn since I lost weight (yes, bad idea!) The pants were too big and did not have the option of using a belt. A friend actually used the res-Q tape to tape my pants to my spanx to keep them up. It worked wonderfully, held them up even through trips to the restroom, the tape held tight. However, upon removal, the tape did leave behind some sticky residue on both the spanx and the pants. If you need to make an emergency wardrobe repair, this will help, but be prepared for it to leave something behind.
These will probably work great if you use them on jeans that will never be washed again. I pulled mine out of the dryer and found the patches either hanging on by a thread, or curled up inside the legs. If you have other jeans that are completely worthless, cut them up and use them as sew-on patches. These aren't worth it. If you insist on buying iron-on patches, just go to the grocery store; same quality at equal or lesser price.
I don't sew regularly, so I have to get out the instructions every time I use this. Even a plain straight stitch or zigzag requires the manual to figure out the settings. THE LED LIGHT IS A JOKE. There may as well be no light at all.
With these new oines you just have the clear plastics so all you can see is the color of the button. Much nicer than the originals.
I've had this less than a year and it has been nothing but trouble. It jams up constantly, breaks thread and needles. Then to discover that the root cause of the problems is a PLASTIC gear in the mechanism. Very poor design.I got better performance from my mother's 40 year old machine.
This product is always consistently good and the price is fair. Good bang for your buck, meaning you'll be happy with your efforts and you will be able to afford to paint again, large!
This dress form does the job, but is flimsy (for being over $100) and wobbly. I am satisfied, but wish it was a more stable and sturdy model. The nice thing is it is lightweight and easy to move, but the downside is that it is all plastic, and easily warped during shipping. The felt-topped outside is, again, just adequate for pinning.The hemline attachment is useful.All in all, though, this was the best price for an adjustible dress form.
I read at a few different places that this would be good for papercraft, but it is definitely not. The glue brush/handle is just drenched in the goop and it's impossible to apply it with any precision. Definitely not for smaller type crafts. The applicator is just messy, no way to do it with any accuracy. Possibly only good for larger projects but I don't know.
My 23 month old daughter received this chair as an early birthday gift. She LOVES to have her very own chair that she can sit in and rock and prop her feet up just like mommy. Its large enough she has plenty of space to lounge and relax or sit Indian style if she wants, and its light enough that she can move it where she wants it (depending on if she wants to read or watch cartoons). The Ottoman is strong enough for her to sit on and roll all over. Very well constructed. No marks or issues with the wood portion and the Upholstered section is flawless. If my daughter isn't in it I usually see one of my cats sitting it it LOL. I highly recommend for toddlers, especially if they are in a MINE phase.
I was looking to buy another PB207 so I came to Amazon, as I bought mine about ten years ago from an online welding supply house. To be honest I was amazed at the poor reviews. The quality of the product must have went south as I use this lighter on a regular basis with no issues. Once in a blue moon I need to click it twice to light. Overall it has been very reliable for lighting cigars indoors and now all most always outdoors or in my truck. I use Savinelli butane all of the time as it is has been my "go to" fuel for over 20 years. I smoke a pipe and use a Savinelli "Old Boy" with an angled flame. I do not sell lighters or do I have anything to gain by my positive comments other than expressing my good luck with this lighter. I guess the only thing I do is always make sure it is full of fuel I have never let it get less than half full. I have the clear model with no child safety feature.
This roller (brayer) works fine but I had to lubricate the axle to quiet the squeak it was making. It's not the best quality, but it works fine for firmly affixing paper to my electronic cutters mat.
We recently decided to do a side by side comparison of this acrylic gesso and the Liquitex Acrylic Gesso. Both of those products gave us the sort of coverage and "toothiness" we were looking for but the Golden product seemed to generate a lot more tiny bubbles that required additional rolling out to eliminate. We used the same type of roller on both gessoes and both seemed to be similar in density and whiteness but the Golden product took us about a third longer to rollout to the sort of surface consistency we expected. If we didn't roll out these bubbles many of them would go away on their own but the ones that didn't often created small irregularities that we had to sand out once dried.
Exactly what I wanted, 6 pack came in fine... Note the depth - the picture is a bit misleading, they are only 1&#34; deep.
I give it 4 stars because they do what they are suppose to do and the quality of the markers is there! There is just not enough colors.
I got this to go with the Die Cuts with a View Once Upon a Time album and papers. The matching of the products in this line is incredible!! I have the paper stack, some of the chipboard packs, and this ties in with it all great!! There are three of each "mat" and they fit around a 4 X 6 photo perfectly! I would go as far as to say you could use these to mount a photo and frame them and have a beautiful finished product!! Highly recommend ANY product in this line!
This is not what I would call Origami paper. It is the same color on each side and thicker than normal origami paper.That said, it does work ok. I wouldn't recommend it as a gift for someone for to give to kids. The lack of a white side makes it hard to follow some instructions.
These were great for hanging over-sized ornaments on for the holidays. They did the trick & were very well priced.
Granted, I'm comparing this with my primary machine which is the Brother CS-6000i and that's about twice the price, but I was disappointed in this product. We bought it for our 9 year old for Christmas as a machine for her to learn to sew on. Two primary complaints.1. There's no speed adjustment, and since this is often purchased for beginners as noted on many reviews, this is a HUGE issue. It goes WAY too Fast for a new sewer that's just learning to control the speed. Mine has 3 speeds and the slow speed is perfect for her. In fact, this is such a disappointment, I would have returned it if it were easier to fit back into the box.2. The bobbin receptacle is fritzy and likes to get tangled. Could be user error, but mine is FAR superior. I've been using that one for 2 years and never had a problem.All in all, I'd highly recommend spending another $40 or so to get adjustable speeds if you're learning.
This is great paper for the cost. I had a bit of a hard time adjusting my printer settings using iPhoto but Aperture 2 did a great job with detailing exact photo resolution. I would recommend this to anybody that has good quality pictures (at least 8MP) that would like to print them out.
Unfortunately this cover is the wrong size. I needed the cover for the professional ironing board.
I wasn't willing to pay $40 for a pair of Kinesio scissors. I went to Walmart and found a pair of Fiskars titanium nonstick scissors for around $15. Haven't had them long but they work great.
I purchased this product to help me organize 30 years of negatives so that I might put them into the computer. I have started this project, and the light box has helped me. I am pleased with the product.
I got this as a gift and it's okay. Tons of thread and other sewing products. The only issue with this is it's a pain in the butt to open. It does not want to open easily and every time I need something in there, I feel like my fingers are in a wrestling match.
The smaller folders are really good. But this big size came to me falling apart that the inside clear display section fell off the cover. It looks to me to be structurally defective because of the heavy weight making it impossible to stay in place. Returned
I found this machine to be finicky. It is a fairly quiet but it jams up for no reason. It will sew straight lines one moment and the next you wont be able to sew three inches without it jamming up. I've had it for about 4 days and I plan on returning it to target.Don't buy it.
The item was very similar to pandora and very cheap, too. It's very good for someone who's on a budget but wants the look of a pandora.
I bought this Dritz dress form three years ago. It lasted through two uses, and then the plastic adjustable pieces stripped. Totally unusable from that point on. Luckily I live in San Francisco, and my sidewalk is like a portal for unwanted stuff... put it on the curb and ten minutes later it was gone. I have no idea why this dress form is so expensive on Amazon...it normally retails for around $90. Save your money and buy something more expensive, with metal parts.
My daughter bought this yarn to start a knitting project. It is nice yarn, but it is a tiny skein and it had a LARGE price tag.Check prices elsewhere to avoid getting RIPPED off.
Not much you can say about construction paper. This is a good thickness and works great for the things my 7 year old needs construction paper for. As another reviewer said, it's not a dark black, but a dark greyish black. But was happy to find the longer size since even the crafts stores out here didn't have any in this size.Shipped quickly.
My husband just recently bought me this machine and I love it sooooooo much! It really boosted my sewing motivation. It runs so smoothly, winding the bobbin is like a breeze, the instruction manual is easy to understand, love the button hole maker, and how it can sew on buttons for u, another thing I love about this machine is that when you're sewing the needle automatically stays down when you stop sewing, i think that is very convenient. This machine has lots and loads of great features, I love all the stitches, it comes with a nice amount of accessories, sews great and smoothly through layers of fleece, etc. I highly recommend this machine to anyone!
The ties are way too short to tie proper knots. It is very difficult for an adult and nearly impossible for a 6 year old. We now have a lot of fleece for crafts but not for the purpose intended.
Grommets arrived as described and in a timely way so custom curtains could be finished and be hung in time for baby shower. Antique Brass was hard to find any where else we looked.
Fiance was gonna use this for her shirt after our wedding. After the transfer, quite a few of the stones didn't stay and had to be glued on with fabric glue. She got a little glue on the shirt, tried to scratch it off, and made a small hole in the shirt. The shirt ended up in the trash. Wasn't a good day for the already stressed soon to be bride. Anyway, be prepared to glue some of the stones on if you buy this. At least it was relatively cheap...
This tool is hard to justify purchasing, while it can pick up a few things, it cant seem to form a proper seal around electronic chip packages, the primary reason why I purchased this tool. I haven't tried picking up much else with it, but it certainly hasn't proved useful to me.
I was very pleased with the apperance and construction of this childrens table and chair set. I hope my 2 grandbabies will enjoy this for years to come.
Three stars is enough.The Good - On first inspection, these easels look good, not great simply good. They are light weight, I'm hoping the claim to support 25# of weight is true (which is why I chose this easel over others). The 2 slides that support the weight are 2.5in so your frame can be about 2.25" wide. They snap down and stay put with tension, which I expect will loosen in time--hope it withstand at lease a year of readjustment, but by the looks of things, I doubt they will . They are light weight which is real nice.The Bad - the tightening mechanism that holds the height of the 3 telescoping legs is cheap. I couldn't tell if I was tightening or loosening or anything for that matter, there is very little movement that can be felt. When I looked closely I noticed a double sided arrow indicating it's what tightens/loosens and holds the legs in place. Again, it looks real cheap and I know that in time I'll need to find a way to keep the legs from sliding (I don't trust they'll support the 25lbs so I'm packing a roll of electrical tape just in case).I chose this easel over the others because of the claim to support 25lbs and the price. The $46 price is a bit much, I would have liked a carrying case. In a couple of months I'll update my review.The best part of ordering these easels is that I placed the order on Saturday, they were to be delivered via Amazon Prime by Wednesday, I received them today Monday around 4pm. AWESOME!
Buyer Beware: This is a very misleading, if not fraudulent offering. The picture leads you to believe that you would receive a collection of colors. When you order, there is no color selection offered, which further confirms that you would receive a collection of colors. IN FACT, I received ONE 50 yd roll of ribbon in a single color----not of my choosing...... since I didn't have a choice during the ordering process. I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND DEALING WITH THIS VENDOR.
Have used the denim patches earlier (different brand though) which worked fine and expected the same but this one peeled off just after the first week of use. Not satisfied with the product.
I have used in the past an singer serger. I love how the Brother 1034D was easy to learn and work with. In no time I was using my machine like I have known it for the longest time. I am still learning about the different stitches and i know I have a way to go, but so far I love my serger.
I bought the lapidary kit, which came in a very impressive box, but was not, itself, very impressive.I never got a chance to use any of the wheels as they were too small for the dremel bit. When Icompared them to the wheels, etc., that came with the dremel, their shaft was approximately one-halfthe diameter of the original dremel shafts. In fact, I bent one by using it in putting in a new shaft.I think they may be fine if the shaft fit, but I cannot be sure since I cannot use them to find out.
This Loupe's magnification makes it unusable. Its field of view is very small, you have to get really close to what you are looking at, and there is a ton of distortion.If you are looking to buy a loupe, I would recommend a 10x loupe in the $30-$60 range with a field of view of ~15mm.
This thing come for such a good price with so much it's defiantly a steal my only complain is that some of the colors aren't and primary as i'd want them to be but some times they can be really handy. But if you look more on Amazon I thinks there so that sells it for only $10.
Both sizes have cracked with minimal use. The finger-hole plastic is very thin/weak (fyi, the inner yellow is actually just soft rubber). They did cut nicely before they broke but are essentially useless now. Let's just say I wouldn't buy anything "Westcott" again.
This is perfect for wrapping gifts except that the tape won't stick very well to the paper. We ended up tying it with ribbon each present.
I really like this cutter, it is so much safer than my 20 year old Olfa. I just wish someone would come out with a more ergonomic 28mm
I bought three similar styles to try out so I could find the easiest, most comfortable and best performing. This one was second best of the three. It works ok but is a little awkward to use. It is however, the easiest to squeeze. The ease to squeeze was the plus but the awkwardness takes that plus away. The price, like the performance, was also in the middle of the three but the shipping charge is more then 5 times more then that of one of the others and almost 2 times more then that of the third one. Shipping and handling cost alone on an item that weighs a few ounces is enough to stop me from ever purchasing this one again. Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, never going to happen.
Have a brand new state of the art Epson 7880, 24"-inch printer. This canvas does not hold the ink. After letting it cure for 24 hours ... I used a perfectly proven & acceptable brush-on, water-based sealer & the ink immediately cracked & split. Could/would not sell a print on this canvas to ANY customer. Spray finish seems to hold, but only because I have not done a scratch test. Can only use in portfolio, and this canvas was just as expensive as the ones that work ... at least $120 for 40"-feet. Suggest using Fredrix 777, or other tested brand. Beware how canvas such as this is advertised on Amazon. "Canvas Fine Art Paper" ... not at all.
I ended up not using this. It was a bit too small for the skirt I used for our sock hop, but it is cute.
This lighter worked great for a while then began losing its spark. It is pretty easy to blow out (no wind resistance at all - which I expected) but then having it be difficult to relight is a pain. Seems like there is no more spark.After writing this original review, I took the lighter out and tinkered with it a bit. It seems that the small igniter (the wire that shots the spark onto the burner) got pushed down into the lighter somehow [not sure how, I pretty much always leave the little cap on] - anyway that was the cause of the misfires. After nudging it back up above the burner, I get a light almost every time. Leaving the setting a 4 though - cause I cannot figure out how this may have happened to cause the misfires in the first place.
Dear Seller,I can't rate your item because there was no any glue stick. I wouldn't mind to pay more but get at least one glue stick. Now, I can't find for mini Glue Gun "mini stick". Pointless to buy online instument without inlcuding accessory.
This knitting machine could possibly be useful for making scarves or small hats in bulk, say, for charity, however I don't honestly know what else I would want to make with it. It only knits stockinette stitch. It also does not do what it advertises. The box and instruction manual state that it knits up to a 13" DIAMETER tube. I used various weights of yarn and none of my tubes was any more than 5" diameter, once it was unstreched. I was generous with my rating and gave the machine at least 2 stars because I did find it easy to use and didn't have any trouble with dropped stitches. Overall though, I wouldn't spend the money and would stick to handknitting.
this sewing machine is great. I am a just starting out and the manual give great instructions on how to set your machine up. I serached on youtube for videos on how to make different things. love it!
I first saw this printer in action at my daughter's house while visiting over the Thanksgiving holiday. She being a techie whipped it out of the box, loaded it with paper, and began printing. It seemed easy to me (a non-techie), so upon arriving home in California,I ordered it,too. It was as easy to set up and I was printing as well as editing pictures minutes out of the box. The color is true and I was able to handle the prints, smudge free, as soon as they left the printer. My only concern is that the cartridge that came with the printer has not lasted as long as I thought it would - maybe the company doesn't put a full cartridge in to begin with? I have a new cartridge ready to go, so will test my theory soon.BC in California
I am a novice. I need some instructions as to how to use the loupe. I have the loupe, but don't know what I am looking for with regards to gems/stones
I haven't receive the package so how im going to write about it. i need information about what happend with it
made my grand-daughter laugh alot, she loved the glitter and shine to them, lots of fun for her to paint with
This product is fine if what you are looking for is size small and smaller. There are only those 2 sizes in there -- no medium or large safety pins. The vendor was fine, product came on time, though not Prime eligible.Returned item with no trouble - will purchase next size up. .
I've wanted to learn how to make a photo quilt for some time and I think this will give me the information I need to get started. Now I just need the time!The photos are great, drawings are concise and informative, and there isn't too much information to overwhelm the reader. Get it if you have any interest in making one of these. Get it if you just want a fantastic book with great ideas. Get it if you have a quilting friend you want to give a terrific present to.
There is potential in this machine. Lots of stitches, comes with a variety of presser feet. But this thing has given me so much heartache, ruined so many projects and caused me to have to get out the seam ripper AGAIN (the most valuable thing that came in the box) to rip out a big gnarled mess of thread from my fabric. I sew as a hobby, making clothes for my kids and crafting projects. This machine makes everything a lot harder than it needs to be.It has terrible tension issues that can't seem to be fixed by adjusting the tension. Sometimes it is so awful that my stitches appear to be diagonal rather than straight, and my fabric gathers without my wanting it to. I have to take everything apart, put it back together. Try a variety of tension settings. Curse. Rip everything out. Start again.You can pretty well guarantee that if you try to feed more than two layers of quilting weight cotton through this thing it will jam up and just continually sew in one spot. Prepare to have to yank your project through the feed dogs from behind the presser foot or you will get nowhere.To my annoyance, I have to be constantly vigilant over how my fabric is fed through, because it seems to want to feed it all at and angle or a curve instead of straight, so my lines of stitches end up looking wavy and messy. And unless I put a million pins in and hold the bottom edge of my fabric tightly together, it will separate the different fabric layers noticeably by the end of my seam.Good luck sewing on knits. I hand it to Brother for including some stitches that should work really well on stretch fabrics. The problem is that with the bad feed system, and the tension issues, everything looks really bad.For the price, you would be better off finding something stronger on craigslist.
I have been using this matte finish paper for a couple of years now on an HP Z3100 printer. The Dmax for the paper is great. Since I do a lot of astrophotographs, Dmax is important. For normal color printing, the colors are bright and vibrant. Not washed out like some of the low end matte finish papers. I print Giclees of pastel renderings for one of my customers on this paper and she is very happy with the fidelity of the print compared to the original. It holds up well to high ink loading and also does not discolor or fade when used in a low temp dry mount press [128F]. I'm hooked on this stuff.
I bought this paper to stuff purses that I make, and it works great for that. It's a perfect weight to add bulk while still being shapeable. I've also to make patterns for hats and Halloween costumes.Be careful if you are using it for art projects though. I used the white for wrapping presents and had to use 3 layers to completely obscure the contents. Doesn't seem like it would tolerate paint or glue well.
I wondered if this would be broken in the shipping and it was. I haven't used it yet but I imagine it will work just fine. Probably shouldn't order chalk of any kind through the mail.
I purchased this to attach new pant fasteners and fix some seams on my dress pants. I was told by many seamstresses that this type of thread is the best to use because it has a high tensile strength and is hard to see on a pair of pants. Well... this brand apparently doesn't have too high of a tensile strength as I've been able to break seams and fasteners off my pants quite easily before even wearing them. I can not recommend this product for the aforementioned use.
I bought this to cut fabric for quilting but it didn't work out so well. I bought a cutting mat and everything, but I still had to press really hard to cut the fabric and it made it hard to cut accurately. I went back to scissors for cutting fabric. I started using it for cutting paper for scrapbooking and stuff and it works well for that! I guess I'll try a better brand like Olfa or a higher end Fiskars for fabric.
The paper I received was exactly what I was looking for and MUCH cheaper than in stores. I will definitely be coming back for more in the future. Thank You!
This is not a very good sewing box. The spools of thread constantly fall out if the thin paper separator is not placed over the spools. I don't think the flimsy paper separator is going to last very long, and I'm not sure what I'm going to do at that point to keep the spools in place. I should have returned this item immediately after receiving it. Because I'm a procrastinator, I'm stuck with this piece of cr@%! I feel I paid $22 too much for this cheesey sewing box. Do not waste your money on this.
I have been using this machine for few months now. The positive thing with this one is very light weight and easy to use. The main issue is it cannot handle easily the thicker cloths like jeans etc. Since we cannot control or change the bobbin thread tension in this machine, sometime the stiching is not so great in the bottom side. Otherwise its good for very light use purpose.
I got this to cut out specific circles on a sheet set up in rows like labels. This will cut an circle, but not in cardstock, and not exactly where you want it. Good for cutting out a circle in a random pattern on regular paper.
My daughter received this for her 6th birthday. The set comes with 2 sets of wings, so she did it with a friend to share. They both loved decorating these and wearing them. They are very durable, as there was a paint spill on one, and I was able to wash it off and she could start again - no marks, and no holes.
This thing is great for reading on the treadmill. I don't know about you, but I find that time flies a lot faster when I'm on the treadmill when I'm reading. But, at the same time, I don't have all that many magazines, whereas I do have a near limitless supply of books. This sucker helps that. I will admit it is somewhat awkward initially, and as you near the end of a book as well. But it does still do the job. Perhaps it would be best to swap books in after you've finished the first 20%, and out when nearing the end. Changing pages is rather simple, once you get the hang of it.
I needed something small and varied for some side projects. this product fit the bill for blade variations quite well. the case leaves a bit to be desired. The magnet that hold the spare blades is a little weak. Two of the blades had rust on them.
If you're looking for the old fashioned, scrapbook look, look elsewhere.This looks like black duct tape across the corner of your photo.You may like it. We did not.
IS this a problem with software or microsoft? I don't know, but wish the amazon advert was clearer.... I now have sheets I can't embroider for christmas, a $120 piece of software that's not working....and a headache...off to the brother site to see if there is an updated driver....if not I'll be REALLY upset! IF you have VISTA or Windows 7 be sure to do your research before buying and make sure you can find a driver!!!!!Ok, i upped this a star, there is a driver on the brother website, so DONT use the disk, but go get one offline to use. IF you accidently do download the disk first, uninstall it, then reinstall from online. A bit of a pain, but otherwise, the software seems to work ok...
Iron does not heat up hot enough to really iron anything! thought it would be a better product and had plan to take it in bag to sewing class
My granddaughters love to do arts and crafts and these scissors were just perfect for them to make all kinds of creations.
I worked on this machine for about 8 hours before giving up and returning. I am an experienced seamstress and sell much of what I make, primarily appliqued fleece baby clothes. The fleece didn't feed well through the machine, stitches were skipped, and the top thread looped and tangled on the wrong side. I contacted the manufacturer and tried all suggestions - their final advice was to return to the dealer. Too bad the machine had some nice features. The decorative stitches were clumsy looking however.
This latch-hook kit was very fun to make. It is a good size, and it is not very difficult. The colors go together very well, and the finished kit looks just like the picture. I would recommend this kit to anyone who likes latch-hook kits.
I wouldn't have bought this item if I had noticed the shipping was 64% of the price!!! I bought this item among other items from Amazon so I didn't notice the shipping cost until later. On top of that, it took 13 days to receive!
The design is cute, but the thread is cheap and knots easily. I'm not a beginner and even I got frustrated with this supposedly simple pattern. The wholes are too small and the stitches don't come out evenly. I don't recommend this pattern for anyone.
This arrived in tact with all items wrapped securely. Read the manual and followed some tips. This product is durable and flexible with various stitches. Love that it fits snuggly in my closet for quick setup and removal. Have only had times of concern with the bobbin. Learning to use proper thread as the cheap stuff doesn't fair well. There are add on devices for quilting, the long table has saved me many a time when constructing pieces together. So far I am mediocre in my skills yet the results still amaze me! Just remember to clean it when needed and it will last longer. Would recommend for beginners and those needing a smaller machine for those quick projects! The price was also in my budget. It gets the task done and with raving results.
It's really nice to have a whole set but these are just not usable, in my opinion. The points are very blunt, the needles made out of very cheap, light wood, and the cables are very flimsy and feel like they will break. I will use them to hold projects on that I'm not currently working on and for that purpose and the cheap price maybe they are worth buying. I thought maybe I could use them to find gauge with in order to save some trips to the yarn store but they are so rough anything I knit with them won't match better quality needles. If you open the package to test them you can't return them. The DPN's are ok but not these.
I slightly disappointed. Even I will not send back this item-(the reason that shipping cost wouldn't be worth it), I am disappointed because as soon as I received it and tried to work this puncher-a little detail which is fixing the support- fell off. It can be worker without that detail, but still
In a bag of 50, I received 3 split rings that were malformed during fabrication. For the price, I'd much rather not see any of my split rings defective. Or an employee could have removed those items from my purchase but decided to leave them in there. Either way, split rings that are fabricated properly work well and exactly what I paid for. Minus 3 defective rings.
excellent disc. I have been making cards for awhile but have never been able to add sentiments unless I use a stamp or type or write it in. the sentiments on this disc are great and they print on like real cards. I use design runner for every card I make and I love this one. Hope they will keep adding to whats available.
I made two fleece hats with this. Then I recenly started sewing a dress out of cotton and had all kinds of trouble. This is a poorly built serger. The presser foot broke and the design is inferior in the way it operates. could not be fixed by reputable sewing machine store. I had to manually operate the presser foot. Then it jammed and would not sew at all. took it back to the store and they tell me it is a tension error and must be sent out and will probably cost $150 to repair. I paid $199 to purchase it, so putting another $150 into it is ridiculous. I apparently bought a lemon. Very disappointed. I would suggest you purchase another serger and research it very carefully. get one with a better warranty. I wasted my money.
These scissors are an appropriate weight, they aren't too light or too heavy. The rubber grips on the inside where your hand holds them are comfortable. They make a nice precise cut. The colors are pleasing to the eye.I have a cheap pair of scissors. This is not a cheap pair. Recommended.
I purchased this machine as a starter for my nieces who had never used one before. I didn't want to invest a lot of money until I knew if they would stick with it. This machine has served its purposes well. It was easy to understand the manual and has plenty of features for a beginner. I'm now considering buying another so each can have their own.
This printable fabric opens up a whole world of possible craft projects. The sheets themselves are standard 8 1/2 x 11 and feed right into your inkjet printer like any other sheet of paper. Then print your selected photo onto the sheet.The sheets are cotton cloth, with a heat (iron) activated adhesive on the reverse side. One of the things that started amazing the Mrs. and myself a few years ago was when home printers had the ability to print out photos that we found often superior in quality to what we could get from the local drop-off photo shop. For the convenience it would have been worth it if the prints were only AS good - but I digress. The pictures printed onto these sheets are every bit as good as what we get on photo paper, and that is plenty good.Once you have your photo on the sheet you have a choice - you could sew it on or use the iron-on quality of the adhesive back.Pros: right now I know of no other product that makes it so simple to add photos to sewing/fabric projects.Cons: cost is 2-3 bucks a sheet, which I thought was reasonable for what you get, but the Mrs. thought was a little pricey. It will also use a fair amount of ink - so make certain that all your different colored ink reservoirs are full - or you waste a lot of ink, plus a sheet. We like them - but these two negatives make us knock our rating down from 5 to 4 stars.If you want to add pictures to a fabric project - you only need these sheets, your computer and an ink-jet printer.
I sent this back. Not worth the money. It doesn't start writing until halfway across the paper, and it isn't anything I couldn't do on my printer already. Not worth the investment.
I had to look up directions online, but once I figured it out and played around with it a few times it was easy to use.
The product works good for the price. It could be made a bit stronger. Not a tool for heavy leather or a lot of use. Best for the occasional belt hole etc.
Lovely item, lovely packaging. Not decorative links, very simple but as an extender, nothing more is needed. So completely useful and allows me to wear all the jewelry I've been avoiding.
I haven't gotten to use it yet but have watched the video and it all seems to be pretty straight forward and fairly simple to use. I got this before investing a ton of money in a YUDU if this works well for what I want to do with it (I have to buy some more screens) then I may not ever buy a YUDU as this was definetly a lot less money. I never give 5 stars unless a product is SUPER and I have yet to find anything out there that didn't have some kind of con to it. Would have given this 4 1/2 stars though since it comes with everything you need to get started and clear instructions both in the book and the video. Video is also broken down into chapters so you can find exactly what you need.
you say the item is "heavyweight" but you can see through it. you say it has a smooth side and a textured side, there is no difference with the two sides. paper is too thin for watercolor which is what i wanted it for. very disappointed. if i could get my money back on it i would.
I ordered this easel to replace my older, broken metal easel. I read several reviews that espoused the greatness of this easel, but was really disappointed when I finally got it out of the box.There are no instructions to tell you how to use the easel, so you just kind of have to figure out where everything goes and how it sits (not too difficult).However, what really disappointed me was that this was shipped to me and when I got it, the bracket that holds your piece of work was crooked. So I attempted to make it straight (because i can't paint if the foundation is crooked as the piece will just slide off). When I did this, the wood on the backbone of the easel split!So now the top bracket is busted. The nails that hold this piece of junk together are not very good (very akin to stapling wood). The wood itself is not all that great either if it split that easily.Honestly, I really think that even for the 30 dollars I spent on it, I should have gotten a better product. Unfortunately, because I live overseas, I can't return it so I am stuck with a product that is sub par and useless.
What a piece of junk! this thing totally did NOT work. after maybe fiddling around with it for 1/2 hour, you get one button installed and then put that button to work...then check the floor, cuz that's where the button ends up. I just threw it out, couldn't even be bothered to return. By the way, NO reflection on Amazon!! Still love them guys!!!
the original paint i ordered came with this cleaner and it worked so well that i needed to order more!
1 give this mat 3 out of 5 stars ... Though other mats claim to have a 1" grid, they often come with smaller increments as well; this mat does not. The photo did not provide a close-up close enough for my proper examination. The mat arrived in a giant box which I was thrilled about, but the mat was probably damaged before or while placing it into the box. I am keeping the mat only because I want to protect my glass top desk from crafting (I don't care if it gets stained). I will also be using this mat to convert my wood mounted rubber stamps to a cling mount system, so I don't want my glass desk getting cut or scratched either with a rotary blade, craft knife nor a hot knife. I will upload a photo of the damaged mat. It appears to be minor damage, but when you pay full price for something, you expected it to be undamaged. The odor is not that bad and should dissipate in several days. In a few months or so, I will be updating my review to reflect it's performance.
The case is super cheap and actually broke the first time I tried to open it, but the overall quaLity is ok.
I was a brand new knitter when I bought this book, and was able to knit my first hat without any issues, and went on to knit other hats, and became a huge fan of all of Ms. Anderson's books.She writes very clear instructions that are very easy to follow. This book has sections about yarns and techniques, and really cute pictures. Reading this book, and knitting along, almost makes you feel like you're knitting with a friend.HIGHLY recommended!
I taught myself how to sew with this sewing machine. The manual has simple instructions yet it's comprehensive and easy to understand. The demonstration video is extremely helpful especially for those who learn better by looking than by reading a manual. I think this sewing machine is superb value for money.
My car was broken into and my field water color kit was stolen. I looked EVERYWHERE for a replacement and was reconciled to the fact that I'd never find another little Cotman - when there it was on Amazon! Thanks!
This product arrived dried up and useless. Only reason I did not return it is because it would have been more bother than it was worth. Last time I order a product like this.
This is the biggest pain ever! It is not for an 8 year old for sure! It is nearly impossible to get the beads started. Directions are terrible. I think if the string was thicker it would work better. It is a piece of junk!
This is a plastic toy that barely works and should not be sold for this price. The whole idea of an opaque projector is to enlarge an image! I couldn't even get something letter size to enlarge to a posterboard. Don't waste your money!!!
I've had a pair of these scissors for 22 years. they consistently jam, and the screw connecting the metal pieces is full of gluon particles.If I had the time, I would buy a pair of scissors from any other manufacturer, it MUST be better than this.
very nice and just what I wanted. It is good to have both the vinyl cover and the insert page. For those desiring a economical scrapbook, this is what you are looking for.
I love Debbie Bliss's books! Her knits for babies are so beautiful! However, I am having the hardest time finding the exact Cashmerino Aran yarns she says to use for the Garter Stitch Blanket on page 58. She references the yarns using their color name BUT all of the Debbie Bliss yarn suppliers reference her yarns by numbers NOT color names. Some suppliers do not even sell all of her yarns. Talk about frustrating! I searched today for over an hour in a local yarn store, with the yarn store clerk, for the correct colors for this blanket and we just couldn't find them. Debbie Bliss does NOT even use color names for the Cashmerino Aran yarns on her Web site - only numbers. I am very frustrating but determined. I give the beautiful knit designs in her book FIVE STARS but I give the materials list ONE STAR - THREE STARS total if you average the two. Debbie Bliss you need to write your books from the perspective of your reader - we want to knit your projects not just admire their beautiful appearance.
I was very disappointed when I received this pistol grip cutter. I thought I was receiving a set of four when I ordered this glass cutter. Very deceiving in the picture.
This is one of the better designs. It is very colorful. It is also U.S. made.
This is such a versatile storage solution for crafters and hobbyists that I immediately began wishing I'd ordered a few more at the same time.As a storage box for floss, it works exactly as it should. The only drawback, as mentioned by others, is that I agree it does not come with enough bobbins. In my case, that's not much of an issue as I did end up buying more of these cases and since I wasn't using them for floss, those bobbins were there for my use with the first case.I have another of these set up with larger beads. It's not suitable for extremely small beads as any tilting of the case will end up allowing them to move between compartments, but it was ideal for the many 1/2cm beads I had stuck in a drawer in small baggies.Still another is holding brads and flourishes for my scrapbooking. I have another one that I actually did end up using the bobbins from... but it's holding &#34;scrap&#34; ribbon (short lengths of 1&#34; to 12&#34; or so), each scrap wrapped on its own bobbin and secured with a small piece of tape.I have two more that I'm using for buttons, divided by color and finish. I like to do button crafts, but digging through a box or bin of a few hundred buttons just to find the right color/finish is a hassle. They fit very nicely in these boxes.I have one more box that is being used for screws and nails. It seems like I end up with hundreds of odd screws or nails from various purchases, and I had a box full of little pieces of tape or small baggies that came attached to various products. I went through and divided them up by screw or nail, then divided the screws by Phillips, flat-blade, square, hex and thumb.You can probably tell that being able to find what I want quickly is important to me!Suffice it to say, these boxes are excellent for that purpose. I also find the price to be an excellent value... which is probably why I seem to keep buying more of these and finding additional uses for them all the time.I feel that the boxes are plenty sturdy for my needs. I have a few stacked on top of each other, and a few others standing on end like books. I've noticed no trouble with either arrangement.I suspect I'll be adding still more of these to my collection in the near future.
This item turned out to be much more flimsy and cheap thank I was expecting. The selection of colors was fine. However, not a lot of thread on the spools and the bobbins are spun sloppy. In addition, the shipping was almost as much as the kit.
I was really hoping for some fantastic matte textured heavy stock paper, but what I got was little more than light cardstock. My suggestion, if you want a good textured/matte paper, go buy some resume paper, otherwise go for the Luster if you really want the WOW factor!
This portfolio definitely does a fantastic job at keeping your artwork safe and clean.The only thing I wish it had is a handle! It can be tricky trying to carry it around.
I tried this on several shirts and it just didn't work. It may work with very thin buttons and thin cloth. This was a total waste of my money.
I realize that this "should" be a review about the quality of the product, BUT for almost 2 YEARS people have been commenting that they received one canvas instead of a pack of six. Sorry, but that is simply unacceptable. I'm very disappointed in Amazon for letting it go on this long. I'm sorry that the manufacturer won't have people purchasing their item, but there is no excuse for a problem to continue for nearly 2 years and not be resolved.
This is an average machine, the threading is not "lay-in", but neither is it imposssible. Need to be sure to change to cone type thread for good thread feed, and to thread by "the number". Finished stitch is adequate and will serve for finishing seams.
I have used these pens for fifteen years, which tells you something right there. They do not have the durability of a refillable pen set, but I find the disposability a convenience. If something happens to them, I don't have to feel bad, and I never have to refill them.Their primary good feature is the ink, which is very dark, covers well, does not bleed through paper, and is waterproof and archival-quality . . . for real. It is an extremely high-quality ink, and that's why I keep buying them. I have found no better disposable pen in fifteen years.The ink flow is moderate, neither too slow nor too free. They are well-suited for both outlining and for a more scratchy cross-hatching/scumbling approach, as they aren't so free-flowing that ink will wick out of them at the slightest touch of pen to paper. Put the tip down, leave it, that's about the size of the dot you get.The ink dries quickly and does not easily smear, although on very smooth paper that absorbs slower, execute care. As they run out of ink, they flow less easily, which can be frustrating.I draw in spurts, off and on, and have found that, unused, the pens will reliably last about a year if carefully stored (i.e., make sure the cap is on, it's not hot in the room, etc.). When using several sizes at once, cap them between use. The ink dries quickly on paper, which is great, but it also dries quickly in the tips. You can get them going again by writing a bit, but it's better to just take care.They write and draw well on most regular drawing papers, but not so well on photo papers or papers with any sort of plastic or super-slick finish; for those jobs, there are Micron pens specifically for photo paper. They aren't Sharpies, and don't write on things besides paper.The pen tips are not metal, but they are hard; they give a consistent line, and while there is some give, you will not get a terribly sensitive line out of them, and trying to do so will result in either bent nibs or metal nib housings (this can be a problem if you have a heavy hand, especially with the smaller sizes) or pen tips that are "soft" and will not draw as tight a line as before, or possibly tips that split.Overall, good pens, and would be especially good for a young artist experimenting with pen and ink.
Too small, has a seam around the edge that moves and ends up in the middle of your shirt. Is too thin, shirt ends up with a Chicken wire design ironed into it.
I ordered this box of crayons, which has been discontinued by crayola. I was told by amazon that I would indeed get what I was promised, the "big box" 96 crayons, including color slicks and construction paper crayons. I was sent the brand new version, which can be bought in stores for much less. Big waste of time & has caused me to loose faith in ordering online. Amazon do a better job of updating your images! Don't buy this product if you want the older version of the big box of crayons, you will not get it, amazon does not carry it....FALSE ADVERTISING!!!!!
Great price... my girls and I love to make stickers and it is easy to use and install. Love it
Love these brushes! They fit in my hand perfectly, and have become an extension of my ideas. Distributes the paint perfectly.
This is a sturdy box, made from a rugged, though, oddly, a bit soft, plastic. It has a storage well and three, tiered trays. The trays aren't attached to the lid, so they don't unfold when you open the top (which could be a good thing or not, depending on your tastes). They also wobble a bit, so you have to make sure the scissor hinges on both sides collapse in unison lest it jam when you're folding it up. My main gripe with the thing is that the tray compartments are not proportioned well. Either the unit needs to be deeper or more of the sectioned storage compartments need to run side to side because nearly none of them are quite long enough. Except for one on the top shelf, none of the compartments are longer than about 6in. This means they are too short for an unsharpened, or lightly used pencil. Most of the compartments are also rather thin, about an inch and a half wide. So, on mine, the bottom well, the one longer compartments and the two or three wide compartments got filled up quickly and some of the other compartments are empty. It actually holds less than the 10 x 8 x 7in cardboard box I used to have my art supplies in, though it looks a whole lot better. It comes with dividers if you want to make any of these compartments even smaller.It works well enough for me, so I'm not sending it back. If you have a lot of worn down pencils or medium length bits of drawing charcoal, it'd be a fine organizer.
Sturdy, color is good, stands up well to folding etc.Arrived on time. Held up great to cutting and folding.
Strong, sharp and nice to handle. Too bad the Oxo people didn't take a cue from gardening shears & make these so that you can open and lock them with one hand. Having to use two hands to open and close these scissors is a real annoyance.
I really wanted to like these as my son was very excited for them. The signs pop off the poles very easily and I'm afraid if they get bumped while riding bikes they will come off even more. They are cute and the concept is great but not as high quality as I thought. I'm sure I could glue the signs onto the poles and they will be better.
Over priced for what you get. More cardboard animals would be nice,but the product was very cute and entertaining.
I have a Brother PE150 and the smart box at first I had problems with it recognizing design done with PE Design 3.0 and up . I wentto the amaxing box upgrades and did the usb upgrade and problem solved I love my smartbox its easier to use than a friend of mine that has PE Design. I use it with windows Me and xp with no problems after the upgrade
I recently broke a gear on my 28 yr old Singer Touch&amp;Sew and decide to replace it with this model based on the features advertised and the editorial review. [no customer reviews available] What a disappointment.Immediately noticeable is the poor lighting. The light shines on the left side of the thread plate,not on the stitching, and is made worse by a shadow from the auto needle threader.Threading was easy but thread slips easily and frequently from the thread guide near the needle. I did not try the needle threader. I have been used to a self winding bobbin so winding the bobbin was annoying but not difficult. The bobbin cover is clear and must be lifted off instead of sliding out of the way,and is easily misplaced. The machine runs smoothly and quietly, but I am comparing it to a 28 yr old machine. Stitches are flat and even. Reverse stitching speed is slow only and you must release the foot pedal completely before going forward. this may be a good feature for a novice, but I found it to be tedious an time consuming. The feed on reverse is poor causing bunching.Another annoying feature is the needle rising whenever you stop. You must push a button to lower the needle if you want to turn the fabric. These features really disturb the &quot;flow&quot; of your project. My last disappointment was the rolled hem pressor foot. The rolled edge is so far from the feed you must advance the fabric about an inch and a half unhemmed in order to stitch. I do not recommend this machine. I plan to return it and get my Touch&amp; Sew repaired.
I got this machine as a "beginner" machine and Love it. My bobbin thread kept getting tangled until my husband stepped in a put the bobbin in the opposite way the diagram and instructions show and it's not gotten tangled since. Not great for thicker fabrics, but that was expected. Otherwise, really enjoy my machine.
This table was a christmas gift in 2010. Here we are almost a year later, and this table has held up fairly well. However, I'm currently in the market for a new one...I'll start with the pros first.Pros:- Durable. My son just turned 3 when we gave this to him and since then he has really put this table through its paces. Toys have been banged on it, crayons and pens have made their mark, and I can't tell you how many times the table and chairs have been dragged around the house by my budding little home redecorator. My husband and I have even sat in the chairs with him on occasion and were surprised at how well they held us up given our weight compared to his.- I loved the idea of the different colored bins underneath. Originally we were sent only red and blue bins...BORING!! When I read the description, it said this table came with one red, blue, yellow, and green bin so I was kinda disappointed. I called Kidkraft (a bit anal...I know) and asked how I could get a yellow and green bin sent to me. The extra bins were sent my way free of charge. With all the small toys he had laying around the house I thought this was a great way to get things organized.- Size/Design. This table is perfect for kids ages 2-5. The backs on the chairs are high enough to comfortably support small children and the overall design of this set is just cute.The reason I am looking for new table and chair set at this point is this whole allan wrench assembly. This may be better explained through the cons...Cons:- Assembly!! This table took forever to assemble. We ran into problems when we realized that not all the pre-cut holes were aligned correctly. A few were about 2-3 millimeters off which doesn't seem like much but it made trying to fit the darn screws through the holes a pain in the butt!! Be prepared to argue with your spouse (should he/she help) for no reason at all other than frustration...- Constantly having to re-tighten screws that have come loose with an allen wrench that nobody can find!!- There are 4 weird looking screws? that go underneath the table to help bolt it down to the legs. It doesn't matter how many times we tighten it...they are forever falling out. So much so that my husband had to put two L brackets underneath instead to keep the table from coming off the legs when leaning against one end of the table.- The bins that come with this table broke with a few months. While cheap, I was expecting them to hold up a bit longer then they did. My child is also rough with toys so it was probably his fault versus kidkraft's quality.While this is a nice table to look at, I am just sick and tired of tightening screws. I shouldn't have to be concerned about my child's safety, however at this point I am. I have come in his room many times to find him playing with loose screws that came from his chair. I am surprised he hasn't collasped while sitting in one yet. I personally wouldn't recommend this table and am hoping my new search will result in a table that has done away with allen wrenches because I have yet to find a piece of furniture that has any longevity when allen wrench assembly is used.
This machine is great and easy to set up and use. I sew alot of home decorating items. The only thing I don't like is that it only has l foot.If you know where I can purchase more feet for the maching, please let me know. I need a zipper foot to sew the cording on the pillows that I make.
This yarn is soft but that is the best I can say about it. I crocheted a baby blanket with it and thought I would never get through the project. There were long sections of the yarn where the splitting and bunching up of fibers was so bad I felt like I was trying to manipulate clouds of cobwebs. I had to press on because there was no way of determining by sight or touch where the bad areas began and ended. If I could have known I would have cut the bad sections out. I had to re-do stitches two, three, even four or five times in spite of proceeding VERY slowly and with extreme care . On another web site there were many negative reviews of this yarn but there were good ones too and the few reviews on Amazon were favorable so I decided to go ahead and order. Big mistake. The tediousness and frustration of working with this yarn displaced the enjoyment of creating the blanket and this was a blanket for my first grandson so you gotta' figure things had to be pretty bad to crush the pleasure of making this blanket. Maybe the yarn works well for knitting. I threw the left over yarn in the trash and that's saying something considering what a penny pincher I am. I hope if I am some day compelled to make another baby item that there are other easier to work with soft yarns available
The size ot the pad was great as well as it filts well on the easel and allows the artist flexibility to draw pictures horizontally or vertically. I would recommend it to others.
I wanted to find out just all the possibilities that a Serger could give me on my sewing projects. I believe I will be ordering one soon.
It's a fantastic buy and it works wonderfully....I would recommend this item to anyone and you can't beat the price.
I agree 100% with the other reviews. This is a piece of junk and Singer needs to know this. Total waste of TIME and money. We are VERY DISAPPOINTED.
Fiskars continue to be a quality name you can depend on. These blades are very, very sharp and fit precisely into my cutter. Thank you for carrying this size as it's often hard to find.
I bought my Mom the Sunlite Bicycle Spokes for her new Birthday bike! She was so surprised and said she had the same ones when she was little and she could not decide how to arrange them on the bike.So neat to make my Mom truly giggle for her Birthday!
I purchased this machine to use while visiting my daughter in another state. I used the machine to make a shirt with buttons and an apron out of canvas. I was quite impressed with the quality of the stitches for such an inexpensive machine. It did a great job sewing through multiple layers of canvas and the button holes were perfect! Then, before packing it up, I decided to check out the bobbin case and clean up any lint. It was nearly impossible to remove the plate over the bobbin. The plate is in two parts, one is plastic. I have to admit, that I did not look in the Owner's Manual, but figured removing the plate is a no brainer. (I have used dozens of machines over the years and have been sewing for over 40 years!) Eventually I was able to remove the plates and reassemble everything. I am concerned that routine maintenance on this machine will be a problem. Only time will tell!!
I bought this machine on AMAZON in 2008 - I think it was a refurb. It worked fine for awhile but then it consistently started the stitch skipping problem other reviews mentioned. Now it cannot even make a straight seam with out the thread either breaking on getting all wacked out in the bobbin.I have cleaned this machine, adjusted the tension, gave it a new needle etc. After spending 3 hours in frustration trying to hem a pair of jeans, I gave up. I called a local sewing machine repair shop and was told, "don't waste your money."I have since bought a used, older Singer.Do not buy this machine unless you enjoy fighting with it!
I was loving this machine till it BROKE!!! This is my first serger and I found it very easy to use. Watched the videos and referenced the books and I was off and sewing. Then tragedy struck, I was sewing a purse made of wool and when I came to a thicker seam instead of stopping the whole arm that runs the needle bent sideways. There was no way to fix it. Luckily amazon took it back and refunded my money without any problems. After thinking about it for a few weeks I decided this must have been a fluke and I'm going to try it again, so I have ordered another of the same -- wish me luck!
Received this product with the corner broken off and the mat cracked. It isn't worth the money to send it back - so this was garbage. The corner wasn't even in the box, thus my assumption is it was packaged this way. I'm very disappointed with this product and am now out the money.
This is a great item for what I needed it for. I roll it out on our kitchen floor and let my boys (15mo and 2 years) draw until their hearts content. I also draw tracks and roads and they play with their cars while I'm cooking. It's great.
I JUST GOT MY EURO PRO SERGER FROM HSN, BIG MISTAKE. I WENT ONTO THE AMAZON.COM SITE TO LOOK FOR A BOOK AND THOUGHT I WOULD LOOK AT THE INFO ON THE SERGER I JUST BOUGHT. I WAS VERY INTERESTED IN THE REVIEWS. THERE IS NO MODEL NUMBER ON THIS SERGER SO I DO NOT KNOW WHAT MODEL IT IS. IT JUST SAYS EURO PRO. I THINK IT IS THE SAME ONE THAT TARGET HAS ON THE WEB FOR 249.00 AND I PAID 289.00 PLUS 36.00 SHIPPING PLUS 27.95 FOR THE FEET, (WHICH I STILL HAVE NOT RECEIVED) SO FAR THE EXPERIENCE I HAVE HAD USING THE MACHINE HAS BEEN GOOD. THE INSTRUCTIONS ARE INADEQUATE TO SAY THE LEAST. I HAVE LOOKED EVERYWHERE ON THE BOOK FOR ANY NUMBERS OR ACRONYMS THAY WOULD IDENTIFY THE MODEL AND NOTHING... THERE ARE MANY STEPS AND OPTIONS THAT I HAVE YET TO MASTER AND THE BOOK THAT CAME WITH IT IS JUST A GUIDE. IN NO WAY IS IT INSTRUCTIONAL. I WILL HAVE TO TAKE TIME TO FIGURE IT OUT AS I GO. THE MACHINE HAS A LITTLE PIECE ON THE SIDE OF THE PART THAT COMES OFF TO MAKE IT A FREE ARM WHICH WAS BROKEN AND WILL NOT STAY ON, BUT AS BEST I CAN TELL IT IS JUST ASTHETIC NOT OPERATIONAL. I SEE THAT SATISFACTION ON THIS ITEM IS ABOUT 50-50. I HAVE LOOKED AT A LOT OF DIFFERENT MACHINES FROM THE CHEAP TO THE UNAFFORDABLE AND TRUSTED HSN THAT THE RETAIL OF THE EURO PRO OF APPROXIMATELY $700.00 SELLING PRICE $289.00+ WAS A GOOD DEAL. SHOULD HAVE WAITED..DEBATING ON WHETHER TO RETURN OR KEEP IT. IN ONE OF THE REVIEWS I SEE THE BLADES ARE DIFFICULT TO FIND AND ANOTHER IS VERY DISPLEASED WITH CUSTOMER SERVICE,(OR LACK OF). I AM GOING TO CALL EURO PRO CUSTOMER SERVICE TOMORROW AND IF I HAVE DIFFICULTY GETTING ASSISTANCE, THAT WILL BE THE DETERMINING FACTOR FOR ME AND I WILL RETURN IT TO HSN AND THAT WILL SURELY BE MY LAST PURCHASE WITH THEM. THANKS FOR THE INPUT FROM BOTH SIDES.
I am new to sewing & bought these scissors based on the reviews & boy are they great! They cut the fabric so easily & never get stuck or caught. These are by far my favorite pair!
I got these just to have them, and I love them. They aren't the highest quality; but get the job done at a great price.
I was amazed at how well these scene-setters transformed my office. They were relatively easy to assemble, and the office now looks spooky and eerie. Great product! The only negative is that the material tears easily if you're not careful, but it's not too bad for the price.
I bought this to make a few necklaces with. Well, the quality is far from great.I wanted to test it before giving people crap, so the day it came I grabbed two sides and yanked - lightly. It snapped like a twig. Tried it again but lighter. Snapped again.If you buy it, it will break if caught on something. It's very cheap, very crappy. Pretty, but I'd never buy again. I actually just threw it out because I refuse to give people crap, and it seems like that's what this is.
I purchased this Brother Brand ruffler because I wanted a good quality ruffler for my machine. But I was disappointed with the entire order.First, it arrived an entire week late. I own a sewing business and was depending on receiving this by the date I was given from the Seller.Second, when I finally got it I was disappointed when it didn't fit on my Brother machine. I thought a Brother ruffler was supposed to fit on a Brother machine?! I've used rufflers before and know how to attach them and use them so this was disappointing, to say the least. I would've appreciated a list of machines this ruffler foot doesn't work on from the seller BEFORE I purchased it. I don't know the quality of the ruffler because I never had the chance to use it.Third, when I called the seller to return the item, they were very rude. While in the middle of asking a question, they hung up on me. They said the only way they would return it is if I paid the return shipping AND they would deduct additional shipping off my return. The total shipping cost I paid was $1.43. The Seller took an additional $6 off my return which was MUCH more than the actual shipping cost. I will never buy from this seller again.I hate writing negative reviews, but this seller definitely deserves it for their customer service. Please be cautious before you purchase this item and be sure to find out whether or not the ruffler will fit your machine. I have learned that I will only purchase items sold by amazon.com - I can trust them and they have incredible customer service.
This machine is made in China and comes with no instructions. There is a cryptic chart pasted to the top of the machine. I was able to figure out the threading sequence, but the throat plate was loose. There are no instructions for positioning the throat plate. It seems to need the needle holder and presser foot removed in order to reposition the throat plate, but the screw holding them is so soft it will not unscrew without destroying the fitting.The drop in bobbin has a little chart for the correct alignment of the thread: counterclockwise or clockwise. x or o. What does that mean? Is it + or 0?I have no idea.I have searched in vain on line for instructions for this machine without success.
Received my Brother PED-Basic within 10 business days.. I haven't tested the hardware yet but I have loaded the software.
We painted two times, full colored belly, and still lots of paint left.pros: it said FDA approved, but who knows :)easy to remove, easy to cleanpretty efficient, vivid colorcons: package looks cheapsince it's easy to remove, it also means sensitive to water, if you want multiple layers, be careful, the color can be mixedno grey color, no earth color, hard to mix to get an idea color if you don't want to use these basic colors
We did not use the easel often yet, but we were able to assemble it within a few minutes and it seems to be a very stable product which can hold canvas which is not too big. While not in use it can be set aside not taking too much spaceWhat we did not realize by reading the description is that the easel was mainly made for people sitting on a high chair in front of it. If the center guide rail would have been made slightly longer, then that would have also allowed the canvas to be set high enough to stand while painting
It has a picture and description of a box for supply's but in fact it is paint not the box!!!! this is messed up!!!!! even the guy that wrote a review on it said it is paint not a box !!!!! so don't buy unless you want paint not the box !!!!!!
It is not as strong as I thought, But I am getting to FAT also
This product is great. It was however probably too small for my needs. I do 15.5 gallon batches to fill kegs and this is probably the right size for a 5-10 gallon. But it still works and is made well. Also the product came very quick without any problems.
Initially I thought the base of the stand was constructed oddly, but it's surprisingly secure. I don't have many worries about the form tipping, which is the main concern I've sent mentioned with other dress forms. Another good point is that unlike most dress forms which have one adjustment knob for each measurement (hips, waist, bust)there are four ajustments points for each: front, each side and back. This would allow truer measurement - if you are more full in the rear for instance.Unforunately, I was dissapointed with the overall construction of this dress form:- The molded plastic form itself had a slightly mishapen shoulder, only one side. It's minor, and shouldn't affect fitting (I hope).- Unfortunately, the mechanisms used to adjust the form are ALL plastic, from the adjusting wheel to the bolts. They're kind of a cheap plastic. I don't expect that I will be making many adjustments, after I adjust the form to my size, but I don't expect they will hold up long to repetitive use. If you construct garments for other people, and need to adjust the form frequently to accomodate different sizes, you'll be very disapointed. Even for me, I don't expect them to last long, and I already have plans to 'modify' by replacing these parts with something more durable.- The adujusting knob at the top, meant to adjust the neck is very clunky, and like the other adjustment parts, is entirely of cheap plastic.Overall, I needed a dress form, and now I have one. It's overall better than some of the newer models in this price range, but like the others, the form is constructed rather cheaply. This won't stand up to regular use as made. I'd have given the dress form glowing reviews had the manufacturer spent an extra dollar or two and used aluminum parts instead of plastic.
A very good organizer for the active seamtress. Well constructed and compact. This was a Christmas present for one of my family members.Would have like to seen more detailed photos of the product before purchasing.
We got these as a gift for our 5 year old's birthday. She did a couple first by herself and I don't think they turned out all that well. Turns out that she didn't follow the directions exactly. The key is one of the bottles of paint is a little thicker and allows you to draw borders, then you use the colored paints to fill in between the borders. For the younger kids including a 5 year old, it is probably best to have the adult trace the pattern and let it sit for 2 hours as the directions say, then let the kid fill in the colors. They take a long time to dry (2 days) but work well and make a nice functional finished product. We found some pictures on the internet to use with the kit. The included art is a little lame I think. We made some small blue creatures that live in mushroom houses. Add a little creativity and I think this is a really great art project. The color selection is a little limited so our blue creatures had green hair and a purple dress but it still looks great.
I was very disappointed when I got my Ez started air brush kit it doesn't look like it does in the picture, it is not as good quality as it shows in the picture and it doesn't have the important features that an artist needs, it is very cheap looking. The picture is very deceiving.
The machine worked for a few days... it was out of warranty by the time I started to use it. The amnual says that it has no user serviceable parts. So had to pay $50 just to get it fixed. Spend more and buy a better quality machine. The authorized service center guy told me these type of cheap machines break very frequently. Stay away!
I'm a beginning sewer, and after only a couple projects I'm ready to move on to a better machine.It works best on simple sewing projects and light fabrics like cotton. Like other reviewers have said, it has one speed--FAST. I found it simple to use, although threading the bobbin had a quirk that I'd always forget and then waste 10 minutes screwing with it and yelling at it.I made 2 quilt tops before I hit my first snag by attempting to machine quilt the layers together. I guess the thickness was just too much because the bottom of the quilt was a mass of loose, tangled thread. I did my best, screwed around with it, but it never worked right after that. And the quilt is practically ruined--and it was made out of my daughter's baby clothes. (Don't look at the back!!!) After paying to get it serviced, it was back to normal.I made a few more lightweight cotton pieces, and even "upcycled" some sweaters into new pieces. (I held my breath, but the machine handled it.) Last week my mom helped me start a massive project (new bedding and curtains for my bedroom) when the thing jammed and would NOT move. It made a loud CLUNK! like it hit a chunk of metal...and that's the end of my sewing machine. The timing went out.I have it at the shop (again) for an estimate, but I think I'll stop sinking money into it.I wouldn't recommend this machine for anything other than rare sewing needs (like hems) because it can't handle an actual sewing project without screwing up.
Needed construction paper for a big move that we were helping a client with, and this paper had great colors and the paper stood up to multiple moves.
This is a really good album. I only gave it 4 stars simply because it was just not something spectacular. It is well-made and does the job for a small album.
Thicker than plain mailing tape. Will make any needed repairs to your ole books & magazines look like your butler did it. Professional hard-wearing results.Would definitely call this a speciality item. Not sure if I have ever seen in a "normal" store?
On the page for this yarn the color showed as black and as Jumbo. This is what I thought I was getting. When I received the product it was blue and not jumbo skein. I returned and did not re-order.
Maxi-lock thread is a good quality thread and is cost effective. I don't have the serger sewing machine, yet I find it very useful for my quilting, embroidery, and sewing needs.I use it in two way:(1) I use it as a top thread using thread cone holder.(2) I use it as a bottom bobbin thread. To wind it I use thread cone holder.For general sewing I use Maxi Lock in top and bottom of my sewing machine. For embroidery and quilting I use Sulky thread as the top thread, and Maxi Lock thread as the bottom thread.I am able to find tension on my sewing machine, which allows me to use Sulky thread as the top thread and maxi-lock thread as the bottom thread. I do this by setting the top tension to zero, and making small adjustments to the bobbin tension. This works particularly well when the bottom thread is close in color to the top thread. Maxi Lock has a huge variety of colors available. I have a large selection of bobbins with different Maxi Lock colors sitting ready to go to match whatever my top thread happens to be.Using these large cones saves me a lot of money. They are so much more economical than the small spools, especially the wonderful (but expensive) Sulky threads.I noticed that the price on the on this product fluctuates. With a good sale I can find this thread at around $2 a spool. There is a nice online tool that I use to help catch a good price on Amazon, this tool is called "Online Price Alert". This tool will send you an email when the Amazon item price reaches the target price range that you specify. If you search on "online price alert" in Google it will be come up at the top. I find this tool to be very helpful.
The product itself is of very good quality. There are no directions, however, so I had to look up how to use it on wikihow.com . It also does not come with the metal ruler so important to cutting a mat. I guess it is what it is, a matte cutter, but you'd better know how to do it, and you better have steady hands.
Unless I was using this product wrong, it did not seem to hold the pant hem I used it on for more than three times wearing the pants.
This was not the item I ordered but since I paid so little and postage was so much, I just discarded it and considered it my loss.
It sure doesn't seem like this stuff cleans very well. I left a necklace to soak, then brushed it and rinsed. When I got done I thought it didn't look clean so I used one of those jewelry cleaning rags - LOTS of tarnish came of the necklace - like I hadn't cleaned it at all.The brush needs to be wider - its skinny and difficult to use on items like necklaces. It worked fine for rings - and after much brushing, the rings were definitely cleaner than before soaking.My largest complaint is the packaging. I had to cut the plastic protector off the top (standard), but I can't get it off the actual outside of the jar - so it doesn't close properly and leaks everywhere. I have tried multiple times to remove the plastic, spilling the liquid all over the place. Very frustrating :(
I bought this machine hoping to be able to make some clothes and do some repairs and save some money. I know how to sew and have used several old machines over the years. I thought a new one would be an improvement. Unfortunately it has never worked well enough to be usable and was a total waste of money. The bobbin set up is the problem. The bobbin pops out and is hard to put in right, the needle goes down and gets its thread all wadded up in the bobbin so that you have to take the bobbin out and cut the tangled thread to get the material loose. I took it to a sewing machine shop to have them look at it, and tell me if there was something I was doing wrong, and they said it worked. I took it back home and tried it once and it was even worse, without changing anything from how they had it.Even if there is some trick someone knows to make it work, it isn't worth the trouble.
Got the machine a couple of years ago. Just picked up the PED. Works fabulously. There are quite a few on line sites with free embroidery designs. If you're purchasing designs just make sure they are in PES form and/or on a card.
I bought this for about 7 bucks with free shipping a week or so ago. Now it's cheaper but with shipping costs, it's even more expensive. I swear, the day I paid for this I went to walmart and found a similar one for 2 bucks. I bought it because why not? And when comparing them, they are virtually the same. This one has a thicker cover compared to regular ones, but that's not worth the money. This was over-priced and now it will cost you even more. Just go get one at Walmart, the paper is the same quality. I was going to return it but it was too much of a hassle.
I am surprised to see such high reviews of this product. The ink was practically dried out upon opening it, and when you stamp an image on paper it is so faint, it is barely visible... I don't know if I just got an old set or what, but I certainly wasn't impressed...
This was purchased to replace a machine that was used for 6 years in our home, and over 20 years in another home. This machine was easy to learn. The manual that comes with it has clear step by step instructions to guide each function.The push button sewing is smooth and steady making stiches uniform. Button holes are a snap. Have owned the machine for 1 month and done skirts, mending, button holes, patches on jeans, and baby bibs.
This iron-on printable fabric gave me bright colors and clear lettering through my HP inkjet printer. It's easy to use and fused quite well on my item. I used it for a quilt label. I recommend against this application unless it is an item that won't be washed, since it requires hand washing. It was very hard to stitch through (I placed it in the corner and the binding folded over it), so when using again I will be careful to locate it where I don't have to stitch through it. It would likely work well for tote bags or a wall-hanging that would require neither stitching through nor washing.
I bought this item at Michael's craft store. As long as you follow the paper insert, it will turn out great. Some of the inked portions of the netting are incorrect. It is time consuming, however it will be a great addition to my baby's nursery.
It a good price and it's a large cloth, but it really is only good for larger plain pieces. If you have silver that has intricate details and designs in the jewelry, this cloth is not going to do a good cleaning job. Sunshine Polishing Cloth is the absolute best I have ever used. That cloth cleans all in the beadwork, milgrain, and crevices of your jewelry. After cleaning, some of my silver looked better than it did when I purchased it. Sunshine is better than any liquid cleaner or cloth I have ever used. It even cleans when it's "dirty".
I bought this punch to make flowers for my 5 year old's crafts. It is very easy to punch (I was using 3 sheets of construction paper at once) and the flower is very cute. No complaints.
I I purchased this product to make a quilt for my daughter, a backpacker and hiking enthusiest. The quilt is still in process, but the embroideries have turned out just as I wanted. There are many ways to combine and edit the different embroideries.
The only reason I gave this product two stars is because of the oil color variety. Otherwise I would have just given it one star. The reason is because the colors are not labeled!! Sure, you can see from the color on the outside of the tube that it's "blue", but the consumer needs to know WHAT shade/hue of blue he or she is using. Is it Prussian Blue, Pthalo Blue, or just BLUE? How disappointing! :(
My husband bought this bag for his lapidary hobby to transport his merchandise to bazaars and various sales venues. He loves the storage room inside and the outer pockets keep necessities easily accessible.The canvas is very rugged--however, DO NOT WASH THIS BAG IN A WASHING MACHINE!!! Ours did not fare well at all--the material separated from the seam and shredded down one side. I suspect the material was not sewn in far enough from the edge when it was manufactured.We will replace this bag as he really like the way it was organized and designed, but we will clean it by hand next time should the need arise.
First time serger for me and after watching the instruction video I could do it and make it work. I have used it several times and I like it. Havent done anything fancy with it but for everyday use to fix a garment or sew a blanket it works like a charm. would recommend it to anyone looking for a simple serger to sew with and after 3 years it still works with no problems.
I didn't realize this yarn had a glittery string in it-- probably my own fault for not looking closely enough when I ordered. Received it quickly though!
The ring saw is great, but the manual is terrible. I broke a blade within a month. I still don't know what the problem was, but with a new blade I was able to complete my project and help out a friend with hers. I watched the videos on the Taurus web site - funny the first time but could have been more helpful than entertaining!
I am editing my review. I have now had the machine a year and a half and the motor has died. It will cost me to fix it. I am quite dismayed with the poor workmanship of this product and failure of the company to come up with a cusotmer friendly solution. My only option is to pay to have it repaired! I am on the market for a new machine and it will NOT be a Brother!
Looks great, got it for my brother and it looks like he'll love it. Can't wait to see him enjoy it.
I needed some stuff sewn by machine and having it done by someone else would be too expensive. I asked my wife and she told me that she didn't have the skill level required. So, I bought this machine, followed the directions in the printed manual and now I'm sewing all kinds of fabric together. (Some of it is even usable when I'm done.) For a first machine this is wonderful. It won't do thick multiple layers (I've done 4 layers of fleece, but it didn't like it.) and I wouldn't try leather unless it was really thin, but it will do the basics and then some.Cautions: Use good thread or you will have problems with your thread breaking or tangling on the bottom. Don't sew too fast for the fabric you are working on or your thread will break. (Fleece requires a medium speed at the most.) Don't try to start too close the the edge of your fabric or the feet won't feed. (At least with fleece.)Tip: When sewing fleece use masking tape to stabilize the fabric and keep it from stretching and bunching. Just don't sew through the tape; sew next to it. After testing several stitches I've been using the triple stitch (02) at the lowest settings for fleece with good results. (Yes, I've been sewing a lot of fleece. It's one of the major reasons I bought the machine.)
The cord comes out frequently. It's frustrating to be pressing my quilt pieces and have the iron cold without power. I won't buy another one of these. It's a cute size and light to carry, but there are better, less frustrating options on the market than this craft iron.
The brother sowing machine is the best you can buy in my opinion. The instructions are clear and easy to read so even a new comer to sowing can learn how to use it. The sowing machine is flawless and awesome.
This machine is very tempermental. It jams easily and then tears holes in fabric. If all of the stars "align" you might get a couple good embroidered designs before it stops automatically threading it's self. I have read and reread the manual and am following the directions carefully, but I still find it has problems about 50% of the time. I'm thinking that I should have spent more money on a better model.
The lens does appear to be glass. Like other reviewers, I am also wondering whether this is 30X magnification. I'm having trouble focusing through it to view my jewelry, and it seems to me that I had an easier time looking through 10X when I was in the jewelry store. As a result, I'm ordering another magnifier that is both 10X and 20X and will compare those to this one and then amend this review. On another note, I should have looked here first for the 30X because I purchased the exact item, exact supplier, on Ebay and paid twice the amount as what it is selling for here on Amazon. Live and learn.
When I bought this I bought it because is said 7 hole punch.It was not, it was a three hole punch that can be converted to seven holes.I bought the other punch heads somewhere else because I was a bit ticked off.Once I install the four other punch heads I had what I needed, but it was with more hassle than it should have been, and more costly than I would expect it to be once everything was set up.Suggestion; Re title this offer as "Three Hole Punch, Convertible to 5 or 7 hole punch" Then list the optional punch heads as "Associated items"That's my story and I'm sticking too it.
I didn't use the zipper foot because after I received it along with a new sewing machine, the sewing machine included a zipper foot in the accessories. I returned the zipper foot but as always my purchases on amazon.com have been timely and exactly as advertised. I have rarely been disappointed.
I'll start with the things I did like:- The easy presentation of the embroidery floss made this product for me. I've purchased cross stitch kits before, and the thread was often just jumbled together in a knotted mess. These are neatly and orderly attached to a piece of cardboard, and labelled intuitively.-The end result really is gorgeous.And that's about it. Things I didn't like:-The pattern is much more difficult than it needs to be. Whomever wrote it had either never cross stitched before, or was using some weird method I've never seen.-The aida cloth is just cheap. It looks cheap, it feels cheap, and it falls apart while you're working on it. I ended up using some of my own after only an hour of working on this. This solved the cheapness problem, but the light green leafy background in the product image is, unfortunately, printed on the aida that comes with the project, and as such, it is not present in my finished product. That said, it wouldn't be all that difficult to just add one in with pale green embroidery floss on your own.-The needle is horrible. It's much too small for a project like this, and it is essentially impossible to thread. I used my own.This is an ok product. It includes everything you need to make the design, however, aside from the floss and the pattern, you'll end up using your own items anyway. I do not recommend it for beginners, as the pattern really is pretty difficult to understand. It's not that it's a hard pattern... it's just that it isn't written very well, and someone inexperienced is going to have a much harder time with this.
Watching the videos of this item being used, I couldn't' resist and I bought it. I didn't read the fine print though and it needed a heat regulator to go with it as well. Well after I bought the item and used it I found that it was not easy to use and was tedious when switching colors. It is basically a soldering iron that someone has welded the flow basin onto. The biggest problem I had is that the pointed flow regulator at the bottom of the basin, if you had any wax layers at all, would melt that layer as the wax was laid down on the painting. This is great if that is what you are trying to achieve but useless if you just want a single line of encaustic medium. Too much to spend on an item that you may use seldom at best.
I'm new to knitting and new to pregnancy...I want to make the blanket in this book. I have searched high and low for the exact colors represented in this book. I simply wish Debbie Bliss would list the dye lots in the book so that her version of "mauve" matched up with mine or at least that the "mauve" in the book matched up with the yarns in the shops. Ugh.
I have never used a serger before, and in fact, am not that hot of a seamstress. I'm mainly self taught, and I never really learned to read a pattern, so tend to craft things of my own design..but hadn't really sewn in a lot of yeras. I have reached an age where all clothing in stores either looks like it belongs on a ten year old, a twenty year old, or someone from 1978...I don't wear bright clingy florals. No thanks. So, I decided I'd try my hand at sewing again and design some clothing for myself that was drapey, and cool, and decidedly not for a 20 year old. My problem is that I love linen, however the frayed edges and lack of finished look I was getting on my regular machine was getting to be a drag....I am also quite lazy about seam finishing. Been looking at sergers for several months now and after reading all of these reviews, decided to take the plunge.The box arrived damaged, which freaked me out. But the inner box was fine. However, as some other reviewers noted, the four color threads looked like a spider had been busy in the box! I didn't even bother unpacking it as I was afraid I'd tangle things further. I wonder if the company ought to perhaps tape these spools down so that they aren't all pell-mell enmeshed around the edges of the box on opening?That day, I got on the phone and found a local fabric shop that just happened to be teaching a serger class that weekend. BOY oh BOY!!!! So I signed up.Best thing I could have done. They spent all day teaching myself and several other students with equally tangled up machines the basics of the whole shebang.And let me tell ya! I got this baby home and serged me some clothing!! A lovely pair of frilly legged bloomers, a little t-shirt, and a simple skirt! And they don't look like Lucy Ricardo ran them off on her machine because Ricky wouldn't let her buy a new dress!! Once I had the basic know-how down; it was so easy to use!I do think that you need both the serger and a regular machine, as it won't do some things, straight stitching or piecing one thing to another in a traditional way, for instance.So yes....threading once learned, is easy. Sadly, I found no CDs in the box, so it was a good thing I found the class. Perhaps they are no longer including them as all of this is available online? (which seems a bad idea as not all people have access to the internet.) I even knew how to remove the little key in order to do the rolled hems etc...This was SO easy to use that three of the other women in the class I took (a class of only five) are purchasing the machine to REPLACE their far more expensive Singers, Janomes, and Babylocks. Amazing! Even our teacher said she would now, having seen the machine in action, be recommending it to users who had not purchased one.I don't write a boat load of reviews, but I'm writing one as the other reviews here were the tipping point for my own purchase...I would purchase this again, no hesitation. But I'm hoping for years of happy sewing.
This machine works great. The needle threader does not work. It is not installed correctly. For what I paid, I can thread the needle myself. I have used this machine steadily for the past few weeks. It is a pleasure to use. I miss some of the things you get with a more expensive machine, For this price I have a machine that is fun to use. I would recommend to anyone.
Love the kit - especially since the thread is already separated and organized for you. The price was paid was well worth it. Easy graph to read.
The first few months it was a beautiful thing. Then it started hanging up in the feed dog. I'd be sewing along on a beautiful embroidery piece, then next thing you know it's hanging up and making a mess of your embroidery. I checked the needle, feedog,thread. I checked the bobbin casing, I don't see amy thing wrong with it, other than every time I get into a project, it hangs up. Quite frustrating!!!!!!I guess mine was made on a Friday or the end of a month. I sure have a lemon. I'm going to put it in the shop. Then I'm going to give it away and buy something else. I Do have a Kenmore Sewing machine that was one of the first ZigZag models. That thing will sew through anything. It just doesn't do embroidery.It was given to me when I was nineteen years old. I'm fifty-seven now. I think I'll get another KENMORE! Have a good Day All.
Really thought I was going to get a good thing, especially for attaching my suspender buttons. What a piece of junk. So far using a entire pack of clips I managed 4 buttons and not sure how long they will remain attached. Do yourself a favor and DO NOT WASTE YOUR HARD EARNED CASH. You can actually attach a button faster doing it the tried and true way -- needle and thread.. I give it one star and that is a stretch.
Maybe I don't know enough about this kind of crafting yet but I found it a little difficult to use because the colors are so close together.
the holes are way to small for my earrings. And I don't wear huge or even large earrings so I was disappointed to say the least. I can still use them but it is a super tight fit (really hard to get them on the posts) and just not worth the hassle. For tiny posts I guess they would be great - but I'd never seen such tiny posts.
I had two types of projects, a digital photo album and some trifold flyers for my business. I tried two types of double-sided paper for my inkjet printer. This paper gave a faint yellow tinge to my photos, and is too thick for my flyers. For both uses, printworks photo project paper looks better. The latter is a bit shinier than the epson, which might be a downside for some projects.
This is my first sewing machine, and I got it for Christmas from my husband. I was SO excited. I read lots of reviews, and I was stunned by the positive reviews this machine got. It seemed like a no-brainer. Everyone just loves this machine!And I loved it too...for about two weeks. I almost finished a quilt project entirely before I started getting the E6 error...over and over again. One Sunday, I spent two hours threading and rethreading the machine. I'm a pretty patient person, and this machine has me at my wit's end. I'll be sending this back to Amazon. Don't be fooled by all the good reviews...this is a total lemon. And don't even try to call Brother...what a nightmare!
I bought this product to display negatives that I would be listing on Ebay. The fluorescent bulb in this unit makes it impossible for my digital camera to focus and take a proper picture. Completely useless for this purpose.
This book has neat ideas in it, but the pages are a little too cluttered for me. But what is fantastic about this book are the journaling ideas! They will definitely pull at your heartstrings.
These are way cheaper than buying name brand needles (Addi, KnitPicks, etc.). They're rather dull-pointed, which some people might prefer, but I found hindering. The cables are rather thick, and the joining between the cable and needle is sometimes rough enough to catch my stitches. The packages are not labeled with sizes, so you have to open them all, or turn the needles in the packages to see the label and make sure you grabbed the right ones.If you need several of these needle sizes right now and money is tight, these will work. But if you can, buy just one quality cable needle now and save up for the others.
I used the Buttoneer one time and the needle that pushed the fastner through broke. Once this happens, the Buttoneer is useless. There is also no warranty.DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY
I purchased this machine just over a year and a half ago for my wife. She's used it for small sewing tasks intermittently since then, but probably hasn't used the machine more than 20 hours in that time. It worked well and met her sewing needs for a while, but one day a couple months ago it started frequently jamming and the bobbin thread pickup started to become unreliable. We talked to a local repair shop about it and they said it would probably cost around $100 to diagnose and repair the problem. Singer has a warranty, but it only covers many parts for 1 year and it doesn't cover labor cost of repairs.So, unwillingly to spend almost half the cost of the machine on repair I set out to repair it myself and found the timing of the machine was way off. We couldn't figure out how this could have happened since the machine once worked, but adjusting the timing so the shuttle hook would once again arrive at the needle at the right time fixed the issues.I'm giving the machine a 3 because with the timing adjusted it's been working well again, but I'm concerned that the machine may break down again and require frequently repair (which is either time consuming or expensive depending on whether you are willing and able to do the work yourself).
I loved it. It was a good weekend project and mounted into a frame beautifully. I would recommend it to anyone who wants a good beginner's project or just a quick project to fill in sometime to keep from being bored.
Bought this for two 3 year girls and they enjoyed it. Great to pull out when you need indoor fun.
I just had an issue with one specific color type (the reviews for multiple colors are getting lumped under one category). The differences are fine if you are expecting it, but can be a bit of a surprise if you are not.Specifically, it is important to check the yarn content realted to the color type you are using as a minority fiber component can have a significant effect on the overall texture. The basic colors are 80% acrylic and 20% wool (which really does make for an easy yarn) however some of the extended colors do have additional contents.I purchased the White Frost--which is 10% polyamide which results in a yarn that has a significantly less 'soft' feel to it than the standard Wool-Ease. It's unfortunate as this is the only true-white Wool-Ease I can find currently (I checked the main Lion website to be sure).In any case, Wool-Ease is a well known, reliable, workhorse type yarn combining some good working qualities from both wool and acrylic...but be aware when checking out the Frosts. (I haven't tried the glitters/multis/sprinkle etc however their content alterations are not as likely to have as much an effect as a 10% polyamide addition). Don't get me wrong, it looks very nice, but it's not something you'd strongly want in some projects.Overall, a highly recommended product but doing your color (and project) specific homework first is important (and the verbiage outlining the content is not well set out on the product description on the site currently).JTG
The item arrived on time but the package was torn and the plastic container that holds the pens was cracked in two or more places. This was supposed to be a new item and I would expect the plastic container not to be cracked for the amount paid. If it continues to crack then there is no where to store the pens and tips. I was not satisfied with the quality of packing. The pens inside work fine. But I was under time constraints and could not send it back for a replacement.
After so many positive reviews on many websites for this machine, I was very excited to receive it. I am a novice sewer and many reviews raved about the ease of use of this machine, and it was great for beginners. Well, it certainly was easy to thread the bobbin with little effort, thread the needle, and then program the stitch I wanted. I also was able to make sure I was sewing with the proper tension before I began, but then part way through my project of placing patches on my daughter's vest, the machine "jammed". I went through all the recommended steps for an "E6" error but it still would not work. I had to wait for the weekend to finish (it jammed Friday night) to get a Customer Support person at Brother, as they only are available M - F till 5:45 EST, difficult for those of us who work and live on the West Coast... But I did reach someone on Monday afternoon and they were....NO HELP. They could only direct me to take my brand new machine to get serviced. The closest service center was a 3 hour drive for me, so I was a bit upset... I decided to return the machine and look into something else. I don't want to start out with a "lemon".
This is just wonderful, helps make quilting much easier. Couldn't find this particular size in my home town . it was shipped really fast also.
I was trying to get my 9 yr old into arts and crafts as well as polish my very rusty skills. Picked the wrong thing.The directions, even with pictures, are not easy to understand. The yarn is of very poor quality and kept unraveling. The French loom knitting is especially frustrating with the bad yarn and huge knitting needles. I did better as a kid with a wooden spool, tiny nails, and strong paper clip.I do not recommend this product.
For the most part, these are exactly what I expected them to be - glitter pens that leave a raised bubble of sparkle. My only complaint is that two of them (the pink, and I forget which else) were a little bit dried out in the tip, making them impossible to squeeze out. I was able to poke a small nail into the end to push down the hardened spot, but it keeps coming back eventually. Hopefully this package was just a fluke, because otherwise they're great glitter pens.
They send me the sewing machine with damages and NEVER respond.
It's what I needed. Couldn't find this product in any of the stores, so the higher prices were okay since this color couldn't be found around here.
I have used this coloring several times and always end up with a weird purple fondant instead. I even have a hard time making gray. You could use the method of mixing the dye to the melted marshmellows or using dark modeling chocolate with it to give it a base (Google: How to make Black Fondant) but from what I've read Americolor has a better black dye. I use Wilton products all the time but this one is a dud.
Had to send it to the factory after 2 weeks. Blade slips off. Retailer had same problem with the one they had.
I bought 3lb of brown microcrystalline, and I'm pretty sure what I received was white wax, dyed brown. This makes it stiffer to work with and it melts strangely.Would not buy again
This sewing machine is garbage. Of course the stiches unravel--you only have the one thread. There is no bobbin or bottom thread. The real issue is the machine itself. This is more than impossible to re-thread the needle. Big disappointment for the Singer name. Don't buy this toy!
Although I really like the cover of the album, I was disappointed to see that inside the album, there is no way to just slide the picture in; rather the picture needs to be glued to the paper. It does not sever my purpose but is a beautiful piece of art. I hate to return it because this company is a small scale business.
The chair that it came with fell apart within two days of assembly even though the directions were followed to a T. Nevertheless, I got what I expected for the price I paid and the desk is still in working order. That's all that matters to me. With the lamp, it wasn't a bad deal. Just make sure you have another seating arrangement.
Good product and seller. Arrived very quickly. Just what I needed to add the finishing touches to several used kachina dolls bought at auction requiring some minor touch up.
I love my Cricut, but this spatula really isn't worth the money. It was to designed to help you remove what's been cut off of the Cricut mats, and while it does help you do this, it also picks up a lot of the sticky adhesive from the mats, which can then interfere with the effectiveness of the tool for future cuts. I tried to clean it with finger nail polish remover (what I always use to clean stickers off anything) but it never really was like new again. Additionally, with normal use, the large spatula area became bent. I prefer my Creative Memories tool, that has much less surface area and does a better job of picking up my beautiful letters from the mats. My friends prefer using the "hook" tool that comes in the Cricut tool set.Cricut 29-0004 7-Piece Tool Kit for Cricut Cutting Machines
I accidentally ordered the needlepoint version of this item for my daughter. I meant to order the cross stitch version. It was shipped quickly. The product was just as described and well packaged.When I saw my error I contacted the company. They asked me to send the product back for a refund. I sent it back, and in a few days Amazon.com credited my credit card with the amount I spent, less shipping.I only wrote this review to show how well the company performs on a reverse transaction. I will definitely trust this company to order future items from them. A good transaction and a trustworthy company.
I tried out the product and the overall quality is average compared to HP ink and paper.
I only gave it four stars because it is exactly what I was wishing for.(five stars would be for a pleasant surprise)
I nought thiis machine as a Cjrisstmas present for my 15 year old granddaughter. She had it up and running in less than 15 minutes and was very happy with it. All necessary items were included.
The paint looks great, until it dries. It chips and looks horrible. It takes forever to apply as well because the paint doesn't want to stay on the skin. I tried painting a pumpkin for halloween. After 4 hours of painting, it looked great, until it dried and began flaking...
I have a Euro-Pro Shark Serger, model # 101-548. It has the ability to do a beautiful rolled hem as well as 2-, 3- or 4- thread safety stiches. That's the good news. The bad news it the plastic door that covers the threading paths for the upper and lower looper threads is very fragile. To get it open, you must gently pull in down and sideways to the right. I broke a small plastic tab on the lower right edge of the door. Without it, the machine jams every time I use it. Here's another piece of bad news. The Euro-Pro website doesn't have the serger model 101-548 in its list of products. So I can't get any information on repairing my machine from the company.Therefore, I would recommend caution and gentleness when using this kind of serger.
It didn't work well at all. I tried several different types of scissors with little to no improvement on the blades. For paying only a few bucks I shouldn't have expected much.
I like this product, and use it on a variety of surfaces, like bone, wood, etc. However, they have discontinued most of the colors I used (more cuts to come soon!), and the product has some annoying problems. It's a shame that this once good product seems to be "on its way out."I also have a lot of cracked caps. And, though it does thin with turpenoid products, they also change the color - making it a little darker and harder to apply (doesn't stick as well). Also, one tube in the sampler pack CAME already dried out and hard, and one was all chalky and pasty and wouldn't stick to anything (Patina).They told me, too, to try reconstituting the dried out tubes. But - really - you shouldn't have to do that to new product. Like the caps, that is a design/product flaw. They will send you more caps. But with a problem that common, they should just use a better quality cap to start with.Also, as of this date, the colors don't match the images above. I'll see if I can upload a picture of my color chart. The Gold Leaf is really bright gold - like leaf! And the Grecian Gold is almost exactly the same as the leaf - or maybe a tiny fraction of a shade more orangey. The European Gold is a little more brown than the first two. It's the Antique Gold that is the more pinky color of the Euro swatch. The Spanish Copper is really coffee-colored. The swatch that's currently on the Spanish Copper looks like Ruby - except the Ruby is very metallic. And of course the Patina that I got was lighter than the swatch (maybe due to the chalky-pasty problem).
My grandgals don't play with it.There is nothing to do but dot-dot-dot.I thought it would be a little something different but itdid not go over.
Having lost 3+ pounds by end of week 2, I thought I was on my way to good health and proper nutrition, but problems began to arise and there was no 'customer support' to contact! Finding myself very weak, having occassional bouts of forgetfulness and confusion, I must have been getting low blood sugar. (The assigned calorie card for my profile must not have enough calories for me personally to function on). I have since increased to the next higher calorie card, hoping it might still allow me to lose the weight, yet afraid to stay on the diet, fearing reccurence of the unusual, scary symptoms! A phone number with an on-call dietician is needed in case of problems to make this a workable program.
The additional sheets seemed to be what was expected, but one of the extension posts was un-threaded and therefore unusable and as a result the sheets could not be added to my album. This is a don't buy.
Excellent quality for any art project. Perfect thickness. I use it to cover the table during a class so the kids can doodle, color off the page, or have oopses and its not a prob. About to start 2 year old finger painting on this. Confident it is perfect.
What can I say? It's a glue gun. Not very expensive, nothing really special about it. If you're not a glue fanatic this is perfect for you.I personally use mine for Wax sealing, Stick wax sticks in it and melting them. Holds together pretty good.If it were the quality I would rate it a 4, but seeing however I pay a very small price for it. I gave it a 5 because it was worth the minor pay for the entertainment
The ShapeXpress cutting tool is easy to use, and very easy to change the blade, but don't cut well... I don't know if this is 'cause I'm left handed, but the blade turns everytime, can't complete any shape without spoil at the end... If you want good shapes, I better recomend a paper trimmer/guillotine, and a corner paper punch, or shape paper punches.The cutting mat that came in the set is very good.
first time I used it the strainer bag ripped in the corner. after I figured out the tincle strength I haven't ripped another, however I will probably double bag next time.
This is a solid product, and it definitely looks sleek and stylish! (Although this could be a bit of a drawback...more on that in a minute.) As promised, it definitely offers precision that can't be attained by hand, and it is accommodating for both lefties and righties. I don't really have anything bad, per se, to say about this product, hence the 3 stars.However, I do think there is another option that compares favorably, which is the one I'll continue using: the circle cutter from American Button Machines.What I like most of their circle cutter is that I found it easier to center over what I wanted to cut out, which is very important for precision. Also, the American Button Machines cutter is adjustable from 1.313" to 4", which offers a lot of size flexibility.The downside? It costs more than the Fiskars product. That's why I'm doing this comparison. Fiskars is a perfectly find cutter to go with if price is your only criteria for a decision. But, as they say, you get what you pay for. Fiskar's cutter definitely has a nice design, but it's also made out of plastic. So it is not nearly as durable. The upside to the American Button Machines' cutter is that if you buy theirs, even spending more money, you may never have to buy another again!Finally, one other difference, is that the American Button Machines' cutter comes with its own cutting plate so you do not have to buy a cutting mat.Make your own decision, obviously, based on whatever your criteria is. The great thing is that there are plenty of options out there depending on what you need and how much you are willing to spend for extra quality and durability.Edit: Oh, and here is a link to the American Button Machines' cutter for convenience sake: [...]
I was disappointed when I saw it, it is very difficult for me because I am a beginner , not printed. Really it's poor puss.
I had one of these for about 8 years. It worked when I needed it to work and did what I asked of it. I only ever used the straight stitch, zig-zag and hem stitch functions. I only sewed on knit fabric once, with everything else being woven fabric. I made curtains and dresses and simple baby quilts. The tension occasionally needed re-adjusting after replacing the bobbin, and once the needle jammed and broke, but I imagine these things sometimes happen with many machines. I even full-on dropped it on a concrete floor once from a height of about 4 feet and, after a trip to the local sewing machine repair store for some TLC, it was good as new and continued working for another 5 years. I have no complaints. I'd still be using it now, if a flood hadn't rusted the insides stuck.
The set is great, fun, kids love it. But pad was dry and I had to use a pad from another set. Giving as gift, made for a frustrating moment. Difficult to find bottles of pink and/or purple ink. Open for suggestions
These were the very first inking pens I ever got, and I was shocked by how well they worked.First off, they come in a variety of sizes, from the fairly thick .05 to the deliciously thin .005. It offers a nice range of line widths for artwork and a must-have for comic art. (And be sure to get the Brush Pen, the pen that acts like a mini-paintbrush!)The peeve I have about Sakura Micron is that the tip of the .005 is a bit fragile and liable to bend, but considering how tiny it is, you sort of expect that.Overall, a good pen whose sizes and alternate colors really make them stand out, but you have to be careful with the points, especially .005.
I gave this machine 2 stars only because it is very easy to set up, threading the bobbin and needle are a piece of cake with the directions. Other than that, it does not run well. It is impossible to start out slowly- the instructions say to vary the pressure on the peddle to control the speed, but it is either off or running at 100 mph, which is extremely frustrating. The second issue, which pushed me over the edge and made me return the machine, is the thread from the bobbin periodically doesn't engage in the seam. I would be sewing along just fine (although too quickly), and it would suddenly skip out, then kick back in, ruining the seam and I'd have to start all over. I would not recommend this product to anyone.
I am so happy to have this new machine. My old one did not have nearly the functions that this one has. It runs very smoothly and quietly. This machine is top notch and a bargain at the price. The many different stitches are very nice, but my favorite is the automatic button hole function! It sews beautifully and would be great for any seamstress to use.
Its small and handy! Thats definetly an advantage to people who do not sew all the time. But it has some downsides too.. Its too small for clothes which need a sturdy machine to keep the stitch straight.The Tension dial popped out when I tried to sew the first time. Its something to keep in mind while buying. You cannot handle this machine like other big ones. The stitch lengths are little funny too... And talking about the speed. You need to practice on the machine before you can try stitching the actual clothes since the speed is not something which can be adjusted. There are 2 speed levels, slow and high and both sew fast for beginnners!!It has other cool features too. Has a small blub for the light to see where the stitch is goin. Two ways to sew the fabric, Use the AC/DC adaptor or the foot control.Its good if you don't sew so often and only need it for repairs. I have so far repaired few of my shirts and skirts and it works just fine for the timebeing.
I have had my machine for a little over 3 years and it has had numerous problems. It is very difficult to thread. My bobbin casing is always catching the thread and coming out. I have had to fix it many times. Sometimes the machine just doesn't sew right and I have to turn it off for a while and later it is just fine??? It is a very inconsistant machine that has little to no direction from the manual on the problems I encountered. I would spend a little extra and get a better machine.
My daughter purchased this with her own money. Looks very neat, but a sticker making machine from any scrapbook store functions much better. Rather than applying the adhesive to the back of the material being sent through the machine, a clear plastic layer is applied to the top, and stuck to another paper layer on the bottom. Thus one needs to ensure that there is a border left around the sticker created to keep the top layer adhered to the bottom layer. Very poorly designed. I have also not been able to locate any replacement materials, so the machine becomes useless in short order.
My son's #1 fave color is purple. So I was a little annoyed that there was light blue, dark blue...but no purple! The paper is a little on the thin side, but nice vibrant colors.
There are some great things about this set. The numerous wells and compact size for one. BUT, when I took it out for a test drive on location, I picked it up out of my pack to open it and the bottle fell off. It does so every time I pick it up. I thought maybe I had the bottle in wrong, but after close examination didn't. So I'm giving it one star since it's fairly useless in it's functionality. I guess I'll put some kind of strap around it. Also the brush doesn't have a cap of any kind, so is loose in the kit allowing the hairs to get bent. Now it's permanently bent from being stored that way previous to my getting it. I'm quite disappointed.
I ordered this to go along with the glass etching I had been doing. I thought, "What a great idea! I can color my etchings and make them even more unique!" When I got the product, however, it doesn't work on glass. The coloring wipes right off. If you use this, make sure it's on glass that won't be touched, or you will lose the coloring too.
I've always stuck with Singer, now I know why.I ordered this product in March and I am already having to return it because it is not sewing correctly anymore. No, I am not a beginner sewer I have been sewing for 12 years.It worked great at first, hardly any issues. The base that attaches to the sewing machine is rather annoying, as the legs always cave, so it's not good if you have a lot material. Now, it will not sew anything remotely heavy. It appears to be sewing and makes the holes from the needle but there is nothing. It is light, and I think that might be the problem, cheaply made.I have contacted Amazon and they are letting me return it for a full refund which I will use towards a Singer machine.I would say that if you sew a lot, heavy and non-heavy items, go with a machine that is built better because ideally it will last longer.This is a total disappointment for me because I am without a machine for a bit.
I wouldn't know how many stars to give this item because it was ordered almost 3 weeks ago and I still have not seen it. I was given a tracking number the day after it was ordered, that's a start...but then FenFen went on vacation for a few weeks. You would think Christmas would be the time to send orders out!! I would advise you to get your budda board from any supplier other than this one.
The pockets that come with this case are nice. It has a deep pocket on one of the sides that really comes in handy. I have another bag similar to this one made by Darice. I wasn't familiar with the Darice brand, but had a number of items from BeadSmith, so I thought that the higher price (+$20) I was paying for the BeadSmith bag meant that I was going to be a superior product. Not necessarily the case when compared side-by-side.#1: The nylon material feels cheap and thin. Compared to the Darice material, the BeadSmith material is much thinner. The needle used made a number of visible holes along the stitching through the cheaper material. Also, the front pocket while zippered, is half the size of the Darice's front pocket which is only secured by the lid's velcro. The carrying strap is minimal at best. There is no pad and depending on how heavy your bag is and how much you have to carrying it, you may end up replacing it so it doesn't dig into you. The Darice bag has the same type of strap, but given the higher price for the BeadSmith bag, shouldn't the strap at least be better?#2: The zipper-system is a little odd. However, it appears to be a common approach as the Darice bag uses the same zipper-system. You can zip the drop-down access panel on both sides, but not along the top. You can zip the top access panel on both sides, but again, not along the same area as the drop-down access panel. BeadSmith instead chooses to rely on velcro to secure this area of the bag. That is fine and dandy - IF - you use the carrying strap and not just the handle. You may get a rude surprise when you pick this bag up by only the top handle and your plastic cases with their contents come tumbling out of your carrying case. The BeadSmith carrying handle does seem to have more support built around it compared to Darice's carrying handle; however, if your plastic cases are heavy - as mine are - using the carrying strap is really the most secure option.#3: The plastic cases included are nice. I am a little concerned that the latches that secure these cases will eventually succumb to continual use, but they do seem to close and stay closed. You get five plastic cases with this bag, but no flocked bead board like some of Darice's models. The plastic cases have four fixed compartments that measure: W: a little over 1.5", L: 6", D: 1.5". One of those long compartments is smaller due to a indention to allow a user to carry the case. There is also a large adjustable compartment that measures: W: 4.5", a little over 6.5", D: 1.5". Each of the plastic cases come with three dividers that can be broken up to make smaller compartments by dividing the large adjustable compartment as well as the four long fixed compartments. I like the longer compartments for my pre-strung beads to lay so they don't rub against each other as much as in a smaller compartment; however, they are a little too narrow to hold much volume for some of my medium to large beads. The Darice plastic cases are not adjustable for any of the compartments. For the Darice plastic cases, there is one large compartment that measures W: 1.75", a little over L: 4.5", D: 1.75". The remaining sixteen measure almost W: 1.75", almost L: 2.5", D: 1.75".If you are needing a black carrying bag with plastic carrying cases, this may be the bag for you. I ended up returning this bag because my Darice bag is the one I prefer toting around.
We were looking for origami paper to use for African animals. We were not sure of the weight and size when we found it on the Amazon website. So we decided to take a risk and ordered it anyway. We were very pleased with it even though we had to cut it down to a square shape, and it made a bigger animal. And it didn't tear. The animal turned out beautiful and we got many compliments.
Don't buy this item. Just a cheap peace of dung. Not even worth 2 cents. Save your money.
I received this as a gift from my mom so naturally I want to keep it as long as I can and use it, if only for sentimental reasons. I hate this sewing machine. It let me complete one project, a rectangular dog bed, perfectly. After that one project it started jamming and bunching the thread on the bottom of the fabric. I took everything back to square one, oiled it, followed all of the instructions and still cannot get it to work. Put it back in the closet, let my anger and frustration cool off for awhile, took it back out, started all over - same result, jamming machine and thread bunching. The Singer site advice is to never turn the wheel clockwise and if you have turned it clockwise, the machine needs to be repaired.So, they set the machine up to be broken so that they can charge almost as much as you paid for it to repair it.I'm going to keep it in the closet until I can let go of the sentimental attachment, meantime I'm getting a Brother machine.
Much smaller than I thought it would be, that's ok though, easier to fit in a pocket. What I don't like is the final coat of paint seems to have glued it all together. making it very hard to open and close. Very irritating, tossed it in a drawer.
There's not much more to be said for scissors. They cut, but they are awkward to hold.
This is a good leather hole punch. It is made sturdy so you do not have to worry about the handles or head of the punch bending like some of the cheaper models. This works great on belts but if you have some horse tackle, saddel or the like you would like to use it on it may not be the best choice since they have thicker leather than a belt usually. The only down side to this leather punch is that there is a small black bracket that holds the punch wheel in place while you punch a hole in your leather. Well, this is a soft metal so it bends if you punch into heavy leather. If this was a solid latch instead of sheet metal it would be an awesome leather punch. Good news is the latch has a screw that lets you remove it and bend it back into shape but my guess is this will break eventually if you use it a lot. If this bracket is bent they you do not get a clean hole cut into your leather. The thicker your leather the greather chance this will happen.
I am very pleased with this purchase and continue to make this purchase over and over. These are excellent calligraphy pens and nibs.
I bought this seam ripper for a trial but I have come to prefer it. With the older types of seam ripper, you insert the tool and push it forward to cut the thread. With the Havel's seam ripper, you insert the tip and twist your wrist slightly to make the cut. It's easier to use and removes the likelihood of spearing the fabric and making a hole. It is especially good for raking down a row of stitches from the inner side (as if the fabric is on edge), cutting them all without harming the fabric.
I bought this cutter for use in bookbinding and papermaking projects. It cuts paper, even up to 240 gsm quickly and precisely. Using this cutter, a large framing square, and a sheet of plywood gives nearly the same results as a regular paper cutter, but provides more flexibility. I cannot comment on the durability of the blade, but if it is like other Fiskar products, I am sure I will be pleased.
I received this card reader and card and was able to easily transfer designs from computer onto the card, but when I plugged the card into the machine it says "This card cannot be used on this machine". Only had 30 days to find this out so now I guess I'm screwed.
My daughters are 8 & 9 and love to sew. This machine is perfect for them. Super easy to thread and use -- both for them and for me. We haven't even tried all of the features. Highly recommend.
I bought this sewing machine,because I needed something to replace a very accent Singer Machine that I have. It worked well for 5mons and then I was sewing and the needle just fell down and broke. The machine isnt all metal that I found out. The piece that makes it sew is plastic and broke off. I went to go get it serviced and to have it fixed costs more than the machine is worth.Don't waste your money,buy something with all metal parts and dont waste your time on this junk. The warranty is pointless in this case.
I ordered this product for a school project, it was supposed to be a one-inch square. What I received was an irregular measurement of 11/16 of an inch. The punch itself works well but the project was made exponentially more difficult due to this error in description. I would be wary of purchasing from this seller again.
After ordering this I found one much cheaper at Walmart so I returned it. I will say the return process was simple, downside was having to pay return postage, which was still cheaper than keeping it
If it keeps the pigeons off me in St. Mark's Square, it was a worthwhile investment.
I've had this sewing machine for a while but hate using it. It is very picky and the slightest thing seems to mess up the stitch. I can't even use it now because the stitches become loose every few inches and the adjustment to the tension doesn't make it any better. I would recommend not buying this product!
I got this to round the corners after I trimmed my Crystal Visions Tarot deck. It's pretty simple and easy to use. Some of the corners didn't turn out as nice as others but the scissors took care of that. I love my deck so much better now that I have gotten rid of the borders. I think that although the medium rounder worked fine the smaller one might have worked a little better because a little bit of the wording was trimmed off on the High Priestess card. No matter I still am happy with the results.Update: While trimming my 4th deck the corner puncher has started to jam so badly I'm afraid I will not be able to finish my deck. Once I get through it I will toss this in the trash where it belongs.
We received this as a gift, the idea is amazing. Delivery not so much- the clay wouldn't stick to wheel so when we used tools or tried to spin wheel the clay would fly off instead of being molded. Perhaps a different clay or more water (we used enough it was very messy... which is excellent if the clay would have been shapable) We just took clay on newspaper and modeled it by hand instead. Kiddo had fun but wasn't because of the wheel.
I dont know if you are supposed to get both sets in the order but we only got one. Our daughter likes them anyway, they are great for a decoration.
I don't find it any better than my other Fiskars rotary cutter, even with an 'ergonomic' design. The problem is the safety spring is right where my fingers rest , and even gentle pressure will cause the blade to retract during cutting operations! This is scary and frustrating. It's an unnecessary technical device that does not enhance product usefulness.
We roll this out in the driveway and dip our hands and feet in pant and have at it. Great fun for the little ones. This paper holds up well - no untended rips. A+
This came in good time and was packaged in the actual retail box and nothing more. It has many functions and is a great machine for a sewing noob like myself. I am happy with this purchase and would recommend it to others.
this product was easy to work with. Was a great weight for making snowmen. I made pumpkins in this yarn with orange yarn and grandkids went crazy for them. Try something different and give this a try before the holidays are over.
I am not a scrapbooker. I purchased this book to hold 12x12 inch art prints that I wanted to display. It works extremely well for that purpose given it's default dimensions. The quality of the album is very good and better than I expected. Each of the sheets has thick gauge plastic with double-sided inserts to hold whatever you put inside (art prints in my application). The exterior is very nice, and would be suitable for a custom photo album for a wedding or other event. This album was much cheaper than those available at local arts/crafts stores. Honestly, it seems the popularity of scrapbooking as a hobby has caused exaggerated pricing to become rampant from the $30+ priced albums I found locally. Thankfully, this one is much cheaper and ships free. Recommended for display art prints. I can't speak for it's usefulness for scrapbookers since I bought it for a different purpose.
Horrible Staining product. So upset it was used in my house. Be careful of the paintings your children bring home if they have used this paint. If the even get a drop of two of water they will bleed and stain!
Would like to see more popular crystals in the mix, along with more of the larger sizes.
What I was looking for and at a good price. They seem to work well so far and my machine doesn't mind sewing right over them, which is nice. Haven't ironed with them in yet.
okay. I bought this because I saw that the reviews for it was pretty good. but the thread usually get caught in the mechanism and there usually is a bobbin problem. It's not all that light neither. The foot pedal is the worst. The foot pedal is not sensitive to different pressures so it is really difficult to find a medium or a very slow speed to a beginner. did i also mention how loud it was? It doesn't even seem computerized. Just invest in one of their better sewing machines.
My wife likes the necklace. I noticed that it has to be worn one way though as on one side the cut on the star is pretty rough. The opposite side is pretty smooth though.
This is nice for baby blankets. It can split and I do like something with a cotton content a bit better but you do not have to worry about wool allergies with this yarn and the colors are great.
I decided to buy this one after I watched the how to video of this product and I'm glad I bought it ! It is so easy and you can make pretty good stickers at home ! I know I will use this a lot !
I too bought the Brother and had tension problems. I returned it for the cheapest computerized Janome I could find. I got the 8050 from Hancock Fabrics (same as the DC1050). I LOVE LOVE LOVE my Janome. I have had it for about two months. I use it nearly every day. I've done quilting, denim, and knits and have not had a single problem with it tension-wise. It's easy to set up and works like a dream! The only downside is that it is hard to find accessories, as the Brother and Singer class 15 bobbins that are sold at Walmart and JoAnns do not work on the Janome. It does not come with nearly as many feet as the Brother. The Brother would be a great deal if it worked. I guess you get what you pay for.
I am a sewist with intermediate sewing skills, and I recieved this machine as a gift.This machine made me think that maybe I can't sew afterall. But when I got my new machine (a different brand) It all came back to me that I can sew like a pro!This gets great reviews here but if you notice they are mostly from beginners, inexperienced sewists, or first time machine owners, or someone teaching a child to sew.I recommend going to a sewing machine dealer and test-driving other machines/brands if you are considering getting this one. See what else is out there, you will be surprised! Never buy a machine based on written reviews only expecially if it doesnt belong to the top brands. Its important to be able to feel and listen to the machine while its working, then you'll be able to tell how smooth and powerful it is.This machine does the job but if you intend to quilt a lot or sell your sewing projects, I do not recommend this machine. I get a lot of towelling and uneven stiches.It is so hard to piece quilts because the fabric has to be directly under the presser foot for it to take the fabric in so you have to go back and forth to fix your stiches, otherwise it will unravel later and you'll end up with uneven peices.The bobbin keeps jamming and you have to take the thing apart to get access to the bobbin. My husband would often catch me with smoke coming out of my ears and a bunch of thread laying on the floor. It was so exasperating! The machines that have top loading bobbins and are jam-proof are so much more easier and you might want to check those out. I recommend looking at the White, Janome, Brother or if you want the higher-end machines, look at Elna, Pfaff and Husqvarna Viking. Once you use these machines you can never go back!Did you know that the Vikings doesnt require oiling ever?Another thing is the oiling part. I just hate all the gunk that can get on your sewing projects and fabric after you oil the machine, the smell of oil, and it gets so dirty because dust fabric particles from the fabric sticks to the oil.Thes machine doesn't feel very sturdy and the plastic casing seems cheap. You can tell just by listening to the motor that its is a flimsy machine. On top of that, it is so unattractive.I agree that its a great machine for a beginner, for a child learning how to sew, and for this price.To me a sewing machine is something that should last you a lot of years and can offer room for growth so I suggest investing a little bit more money and research into it.If you are a beginner and intend to learn on this machine on your own, I would not recommend this machine. It just might curb your enthusiasm to sew.
i've never had a bad product from gingher, and this pair of scissors are no exception. i already owned a pair of the classic stork scissors that i use for embroidery and seam ripping (really great for any fine detail work...) but i ordered these for a technical class and they have so far proved that they can stand up to much heavier duty tasks while still maintaining precision control. i'm sure that they will wear out eventually being used on unintended mediums, but i have a feeling they are going to last quite a while.
Tried to glue a tote bag and it would not stick anything together - returned product.
My wife is a new sewer and has been tracing patterns on our very nubby living room carpet and wondering why the tracing paper never wanted to work. When she started using a cut up cardboard box under fabric I got her the cutting mat and problem solved - the fabric lays flat, the tracing paper works and cuts are clean, straight and best of all, carpet free. All she needs now is a table to put it on and maybe a new living room carpet! Great product; highly recommended!
This is the second Buttoneer that I've owned. It works better than the first one I bought, but still has problems. The plastic fasteners have a tendency to break when being inserted. This device breaks about one in four of them, which is kind of frustrating. Since the two buttoneers are identical for all I can see, one could expect that performance of another would be somewhere between these two. The fasteners don't last as long as I would hope. I haven't kept records, so I couldn't tell you how long.
I liked this book, out of a lot of beginning knitting books, because it shows guys as well as girls knitting. And the hat patterns are the best. Simple, clear instructions, and directions on how to substitute yarns. I agree with the earlier poster about the lack of extended sizing but I don't think that the sweaters are the strength of this book - it's the hats and scarves!
Length:: 0:50 MinsThese have become my go to pencil when creating ATCs (artist trading cards). I was using basic cheap-o colored pencils and wasn't impressed at all, and so was using mainly markers, i.e. Sharpie, Prismacolor and Uchida. I found a great deal for these and so I decided to give them a try. I'm so glad I did. I truely love these. They're soft and blendable, and I can add layers of color for vibrancy. On most of my ATCs, I use a combination of Coloursoft, Sakura micron (for outlining), Sharpie and occasionally Prismacolor now. I also purchasedPrismacolor Premier Colorless Blender Pencil, 2 Pencilsand they work well with these. The key is to blend in a rapid motion, as to heat up the wax so it will blend. If you don't want to purchase the blender, the white colored pencil works as well in blending and lightening colors as well. I really can't brag enough about these and I'll let the video do the talking. Absolutely recommended!
I couldn't agree more with the previous reviewers - this is undoubtedly the biggest piece of junk I have ever fallen for - the TV ads are among the most misleading ones out there - they don't bother to tell you that you have to hand tie the knot to secure the stitch - and that most of the stitching will rip out before you can manage to do it. So much for fixing the hem of your skirt while you are wearing it! - a complete impossibilty!
I began my quest for the perfect colored paper because I figured it would be easier for my very young son to color on a stiffer paper. I first tried this Tru-Ray Sulphite Construction Paper. It is actually decent paper with the white actually looking like white. The paper quality is also better and smoother than many cheaper brands of construction paper. I should mention that it is 9x12 paper and so a little larger than "standard". Definitely not a minus, but it is something to take note of.Unfortunately, I decided that I would prefer something a little more stiff than its 76lb weight (personal decision and definitely nothing against the Tru-Ray paper) and so have since tried theWausau Exact Index Cardstock , 110 lb, 8.5 x 11 Inches, 5 Color Pastel Assortment, 250 Sheets (48990). This Wausau 110lb was my second attempt and I have found a winner. This paper is as thick as a thin, store-bought card. I think the colors are also less bright and more rich than they seem in the Amazon image (which is a plus to me). The quality is also excellent with the paper being very smooth (even smoother than the Tru-Ray).If you are looking for nice construction paper I recommend this Tru-Ray. If, like me, you are looking for something a little thicker then I would definitely recommend looking up the Wausau cardstock.
Little thick, but good when starting calligraphy when you will be going through lots of sheets and don't want to pay $1.00 for them singly at the craft store.
Small and compact but is a little difficult to use. Magnifying is great when you figure out how to hold it, to view coins or gem stones. received in a timely manner.
I guess you get what you pay for. The machine does not do well with heavier fabrics, such as denim as advertised.The machine is so light weight that it moves as fabric is moved. The stitching quality is NOT there.
I like the idea of this product, but I think it was built very poorly. The plastic that holds it together is flimsy and sad. I'm afraid I may one day break it by simply opening the product. My spindle of thread also fall right out of it as soon as I open it.I someone invents a better put together product. Get research & design at this fast!
I have a sister in law who takes painting classes and this was her xmas present. She said the paint is great quality and couldnt believe how cheap it was, she usually pays $6-7 each paint.
Not as good as the singer brand. Will bind on thin paper if you rush it. Have not tried it on fabric yet. For what I used it for it was okay.
The Fiskars stamp press is a great addition to a card maker's collection of tools. This product has sponge feet to allow me to press the stamps down onto the paper for beautiful designs. The alignment grid allows for perfect placement of repositionable stamps. I also discovered I was able to lay out the stamps on paper, and press the stamp press onto the stamps and it could pick up the stamps in perfect placement where I had put them. I was able to lay out multiple stamps once and stamp many cards to help out this busy mom! This is a very inventive and useful product that I would highly recommend.
Ok....I have used the quick threaded needels before....I thought for $7 - I was getting ten packages....not ten needels......when they say package of ten....I thik ten packages....very expensive for what you get. I feel robbed!!! Stay at Motel 6 and get one for free!
The Item says it is a set of 28 tools, when in fact it is 5 separate sets of tools, with several duplications of tools between them. The tools seem to be sturdy and fine, but the listing is a misrepresentation of what you are getting. This sellers has bundled 5 sets of similar tools together and lists it as a set of 28. It is not. I would buy smaller individual sets and save yourself some money
PROS:- I really like the FIXED POSITIONING of the hole punchers and the paper guide. The positioning puts my 8-1/2x11's right down the middle of the binders I use, the location of the holes work great, not too close to the edge nor the text of the printouts themselves. There is of course no chance that myself, or in the case of the mail room others, knocking any adjustments as there aren't any here.- It can cut clean holes with 40 sheets of 20# copy paper no problem, though from 30 sheets on up you need to use a bit of a multi-push push/pump on the handle. You essentially pump it down a few times, probably leaning in with your weight to prevent exerting oneself too much.- It can cut through 25 sheets of 20# copy paper very easily with sharp, clean hole punches.- The sheets of paper don't tend to move/squirm around at all while punching the holes even with 40 20# sheets stacked.- Feels 1960's metal office accessory tough.CONS:- If you do massive amounts of paper hole punching and doing it 25 sheets at a time is not efficient enough for you, you might look for a hole puncher with more leverage to make punching through 30-40 or more sheets a breeze. If I knew of one I'd mention it here.- Of course if you know you'll need to adjust the holes or positioning of the paper this is not the one for you. If this is for an office you might consider getting this for most of the hole punch work and get an adjustable for the unusual needs.DURABILITY:- I've only had this a few days, so I can't speak to durability. It feels solid, I'll add to this review if it has problems in the future, however, its use will be very light. Goes by the full model# HC-340 on the box for cross-referencing.Hope this helps someone out. This works great for my needs.
I had bought a single knifty knitter that I did really well with. It was sturdy and fun. I then bought this set and found that the pegs are smaller and thinner than on the other one. Some were loose and moved when I wrapped the yarn and had to be pushed back into the hole. The loom also became concave in the middle halfway through a project. The stitches in the middle were shorter than those on the end. Great concept and easy to use but poorly made. I am looking for a solid wood/nail pegged loom.
I couldn't believe how easy it was to find this product this year! Only ink I use for wedding invitation calligraphy. In years past, I have gone to great lengths to find it. But this year, I looked on Amazon and had it within the week!
The shipping of this product was extremely fast and the fact there was no shipping cost was one of the reasons for my purchase. However, the description of the product is misleading. It is described as a "heavy" paper, as opposed to some of the medium weights that are available. It is actually a thin, flimsy paper, not even close to durable or heavy. The quality of the paper did not meet my expectation of what I thought I was ordering based on the product description. Also, there was no invoice printout included in the shipment.
When I saw the "Made in China" label, I had reservations.Within two days of using it, I became frustrated. I have intermediate level sewing machine skills, so am not a clueless beginner.First of all, the automatic threading option is clumsy, tedious, and difficult. I ended up giving up on it after numerous failed attempts, and threaded it manually.Second of all, after tailoring just one pair of pants, the machine has since continued to freeze up, displaying error message E6, which is supposed to indicate tangled thread. However, upon releasing the presser foot and pulling both the upper thread and bobbin thread easily, finding no tangles, and repeatedly trying to continue, the motor still locked up with the same error message.I then decided to completely re-thread the upper thread...tried to sew, and again, kept receiving an error message that the thread was tangled and the motor locked up.Since using it, I find the tension needs constant adjustment. The machine in general seems overly "sensitive" and jams easily. Moreover, the needles that are included are cheap quality and easily break or bend.For years I used an all-metal Sears Kenmore heavy duty machine that I bought secondhand from a Russian seamstress. It worked liked a charm and never needed repair.Don't bother with this! It is not made well and will malfunction in no time...
Favorite Leather jacket repaired.5 minutes and my favorite leather jacket was repaired. What else could you say. I have recommended to friends.
The category is Jacquard Activators and Agents. The product is just the 5lbs of Soda Ash, which is necessary for dying and works fine. This title and total lack of description are entirely misleading.
Well, this photo album is great for newspaper articles, but if you change your mind, it will let a mark on the background as soon as you take away the newspaper article. If you use it with photos only, it is great because you can change them without damaging the background and you can compose freely your display with good spacing. For photos, I would have given 4 stars.The downside is also the price. Too expensive!
This machine worked well at first on really simple stuff but is not good for the long haul or anything more complex. The thread becomes a rats nest on the bottom and messing with the tension can take years! This is great if you will always use thin fabric and sew in straight lines.
These chalks I have tried and smear for card making, you have to spray them, but also for hair they cannot be blended like another companies. I was disappointed when I tried them, and too dusty.
The Good:Item is as described and for the price the blades are ok. There are plenty of replacement blades in the box.The Bad:The handles feel cheap and are very light, they don't have a good "feel" in the hand. The blades are not very strong and bend when cutting plastic sprue.Overall:You get what you pay for and these are worth every penny, but not a penny more.
I thought fiskars would make great preschool scissors for my kids... WRONG... hated these wish I hadn't bought them. My daughter is 3YO and can use them with one hand she needs to physically use her second hand to squeeze the blade section together... the spring action is too tough I wish I went with my gut and just bought simple blunt preschool scissors. Also is a pain because there is a extra lip at the tip of the blade, not sure what the purpose is for this but its even awkward for me to use.
Bought this item to go along with a sewing machine for a Christmas present so hard to rate this item as not personnally using it. Do think the idea is great and anxious to see how my daughter attaches to this idea!
I was so excited to receive my "little sewing machine" until I started using it or should I say trying to use it. It was terrible. Very hard to thread and worst of all IT DIDN'T work. It ran for a few stiches and then would ball up on the underside of the fabric with a HUGE knot of thread. Save your money to protct your sanity. Aaaarrrgggg!!!
I'm very big on complicated fairy patterns and this one did not disappoint. Very beautiful colors and use of extra details like French Knots and couching. The best part about the kit is that everything is included--except enough thread. I was very unhappy with the amount of thread included and the quality. The punch card sorting system seems practical at first but eventually ripped because the holes were not reinforced--especially when you have to trade out colors so frequently. Consistent breaking and fraying meant I had to use more thread then was provided and when I contacted customer service to request more (as it says you can in the kit) they gave me a hard time about it and sent me a conversion chart so I could purchase the DMC/Anchor equivalent. I should have just used DMC thread in the first place.When I eventually finish (about 3/4 of the way done) it will have been a worthwhile endeavor but my advice is to trade out the thread IMMEDIATELY for DMC or Anchor rather then use their shoddy equivalent.
I expected this thread to be similar to the threading used for jeans. It is super thin and is basically regular sewing thread that is the color of jeans. That is all. It was strong enough not to break while repairing a pair of jeans but I wouldn't dare try to use this for hems or waistline repairs where the jean material overlaps.
My husband ordered this for me as a Christmas present. I think he hoped his days of serving as a yarn holder would be over. Much to both of our disappointment, both wooden screws were missing from the package. This meant that the umbrella portion could not be secured at the proper height and the unit could not be clamped to a table. The only way to contact the seller is through Amazon, and I learned that no exchanges or replacement parts are available -- one must return the entire item and reorder. Well, in the week since our original order, the price went up! Not only do we have the inconvenience of having to return the original item back to Amazon, I have to pay extra for the item due to the seller's poor quality control!
The product is okay, but the package is poor. I received a bag of papers in a very big box, and the bag of papers are open... It looks like someone already used it..... A bit disappoint receiving a product looks like it has been returned and resale.
First I am not an artist. I am someone who is wanting to try some new things. This kit is at a what I think is a very fair price for all that you get. The Sheaffer pens are nice to hold. Set up was easy. Just follow the directions provided. The pen tops are color coded so you can keep them organized. The cartridges are easy to load and the pen has a opening so that you can clearly see how much ink is left. It also comes with a nice basic instructional booklet and some practice paper. I have had good success in using the pens. Like I said I am new to this and will maybe outgrow these but at this price point you can not go wrong. Shipping from the vendor was super fast. I ended up going online to their web site and ordering more things that Amazon does not list.
This software may work fine on a pc. We have a Mac and it is unusable.
This yarn is soft but that is the best I can say about it. I crocheted a baby blanket with it and thought I would never get through the project. There were long sections of the yarn where the splitting and bunching up of fibers was so bad I felt like I was trying to manipulate clouds of cobwebs. I had to press on because there was no way of determining by sight or touch where the bad areas began and ended. If I could have known I would have cut the bad sections out. I had to re-do stitches two, three, even four or five times in spite of proceeding VERY slowly and with extreme care . On another web site there were many negative reviews of this yarn but there were good ones too and the few reviews on Amazon were favorable so I decided to go ahead and order. Big mistake. The tediousness and frustration of working with this yarn displaced the enjoyment of creating the blanket and this was a blanket for my first grandson so you gotta' figure things had to be pretty bad to crush the pleasure of making this blanket. Maybe the yarn works well for knitting. I threw the left over yarn in the trash and that's saying something considering what a penny pincher I am. I hope if I am some day compelled to make another baby item that there are other easier to work with soft yarns available
Well all i can say is that its plastic & has size's from 4 to 13 & in between (half's) you get 12 sets of these ring sizers so that you can give to your friends and such.. and sence it being plastic if it gets stuck on your you can just brake it off..its a nice buy if your planning on buying rings for yourself or loved one's..
Bought this for my lefty husband and he complains the finger opening is too small. So, guess it is fine for smaller hands but probably not for the medium to larger mens hands.
I bought a bunch of these rhinestone iron ons for my self and my bridesmaids. I did the bridesmaids shirts first and they all worked perfectly. This one however, some of the adhesive wasn't on the rhinestones when i opened the package therefor I was not able to iron them all on. I just wish it worked like the other ones I had bought. The rhinestones that did adhere stayed on though.
You can find more sheets of paper for less money in similar paper products, but not of this quality. Those inexpensive pads are adequate for younger children; we all know how they often enjoy scribbling one line per page and then tossing the unfinished "work" ... or pasting it to the fridge AS IS! Daddy's little budding artists ... lol ...But this Strathmore product is definitely for the more advanced artist who wants a sketch that s/he can frame, if desired. This paper is of a higher quality in an aesthetic cream color, appropriate for highlighting details of the artist's best illustrations.Since each pad contains twenty-four 80lb. acid-free sheets per spiral-bound pad, that's approximately six sheets per dollar. What a bargain!Reviewed by: Betty Dravis, 2008
The product is the permanent glue sticks in the picture, Not repositionable like the title and product description states they are. The company was great about replacing them but after 4 tries, still not the item that was described. A+ on customer service, F on Product description.
For the first few weeks these scissors were comfortable and cut accurately. Until last week I would have rated them a 4 or 5. Then my kids got ahold of them. They tried to cut through some thick puffy stickers. Granted, an adult probably wouldn't have tried this, but they did reveal a design flaw. The blades are attached with a metal screw screwed into plastic. When enough force is applied (say, by a six year old), the plastic breaks. I repaired them with Gorilla glue and they were OK for a few days until I tried to cut some flower stems for Mother's Day. That was too much for them.
I bought this as a gift. I gave it to them and the easel is broke where it folds back up. Its nice to get everything for starting out, but its pretty cheap. Also, there is a hole in the canvas but that was more than likely shipping. Other than those 2 things, this product is nice for someone that isn't sure if they want to really get into painting but definitely wants to give it a try.
The magnets were for my son and he was using them for a project. After continued use, the corner of the magnets started to chip which then caused small cuts on his finger tips becuase of the sharp fragments the came off of the magnets. We ended up throwing away the magnets after a couple days of use.
If you do embroidery and are into the &#34;southwest&#34; motif, these are very nice. It's not terribly complicated and it goes rather quickly. I made these for my sister and she was thrilled.
PROS: Cuts well enough for my kitchen use; comfortable to grip w/extra large opening for fingers and no place to get my thumb stuck as has happened w/other scissors; fairly easy to take apart/assemble for cleaning & sharpening.CONS: The locking latch flipping into the locked position during use is a major flaw; the handles come completely together so you have to be careful not to get the skin of your palm pinched (trust me, it's very painful).
It's a decent little hook. I've bought several of them just in case I lose one. I've been searching for a loom hook with a much more comfortable grip. Although I can say this hook is way better than the one that come out of the boye loom sets
The scissors were exactly the item I was looking for and were delivered promptly at a good price. I will certainly purchase more in the future.
This paper is NOT magenta. It is downright PURPLE! Not AT ALL the color I was looking for. Also the paper was not the soft &#34;construction paper&#34; texture I expected, but I leave that as my fault.
I received this machine as a gift a few years back and often just want to throw it out of the window. Occassionally, the zig-zag and straight stitch will work, but the other stitches are not worth the frustration. Singer says they have non-stop complaints about this machine, which according to them, they no longer make. I've spent countless ours adjusting the tensiona nd re-adjusting the tension only to give up. I've spent more time than anyone should on the phone with Singer or writing back and forth to them. I've cleaned it, maintained it and even had it serviced by an authorized Singer dealer. They agree it is a piece of work. There are superior machines in the same price range by other manufaturers. Singer is no longer the company it used to be. However, I will say my old-as-mud Singer 237, made in Italy in the 1960's, rocks to no end and puts this Singer 2662 to shame.
I have owned this sewing machine for about a year now. I am beyond happy with it. I am not a professional sewer, but not a complete amateur. I have made many things with it so far, and continue to be amazed at what you can do with it, and what it can handle.As the description mentions, it has 60 different stitches, all which you simply select, and sew! The accesssories included are awesome! I have not had to buy one thing (other than thread) inorder to opperate my machine. It includes several different feet, needles, bobbins, a seam ripper, quilting arm, even tools, everything you need to get started. You simply open the box, thread your bobbin and machine, and sew! I literally was off and running with it the first day. The little accessory bag included can be stored in the actual machine, for convenience. It has a detailed owners manuel, that shows you step by step how to use all the many features... and it has a quick guide as well, so if its been a while since your last use, in a glance you're ready to go.I typically only write reviews on an item that is truly wonderful, or truly awful, just so the next buyer is aware. This item is obviously one of the truly wonderful finds! I am so pleased with the price, the machine, all the extras, and the ease of use. I would and have recommended this machine to so many people.
The girls were excited about it, but the fringe is too short to tie, so we had to sew it instead.
I like the machine itself, but be aware that your purchase will not include the photo stitch CD and if you are planning on creating your ouwn designs you will be looking at spending more money on a design program. Don't let this discuourage you tough, I bought the photo stitch program and it definately is NOT worth the money I have not even been able to get one stitchable design from it. I recomend buying this macine and getting the embird software which is also available in a free trial version, so you can try it before you buy it. Despite it not meeting my enitial expectations, this machine has been doing very well for me, but you should also be aware tat it has a small flaw that causes it to set off a ssafety alarm saying the thread is broken even if it is not, so you can't exactly just leavve te room and let it run.
This is my first sewing machine and I do love it. I've made a quilt and a shirt with it so far. The only thing about it that I can't stand is the noise that the bobbin makes whenever you sew fast. The bobbin bounces around like crazy (especially when low on thread) and makes the most awful sound. I bought this machine about a month ago, and am already looking for an upgrade.That being said, it really is a nice machine if you can use some earplugs. I'll keep it for a long time as I look for my next sewing machine. It's super easy to sew with, comes with a TON of presser feet and has bunches of stitches (though I'm not sure I will ever use 3/4 of them).A great value, as noisy as it is.PS--if anyone has any suggestions on how to solve my noisy bobbin woes (besides sewing slowly) please let me know! I've adjusted the tension to both extremes and it didn't help. And yes, the bobbin is loaded correctly. ;o)Update 12/5/10 - I think I figured out the rattling bobbin issue. The bobbins that came with my machine aren't very smooth around the edges and I think that the thread is getting caught, pulling the bobbin and making it spin like crazy in the casing, hitting the bobbin cover. I bought some generic plastic bobbins (not the kind made especially for this model). They are a little smaller, so I stuck a penny under the bobbin. No more rattling!
Received the student kit and decided to order the teacher version too. The student version is mostly about organics, lots of carbon and hydrogen. The teacher version has color coded parts for other atoms, like sulfur and phosphorus. We use it at our company to explain technical points about monomers in plastics. But plastics molecules can get big so I need more parts. I also take it home to explain things to the kids. They grasp things quickly in "3D", like chemistry "LEGOS" --more fun than flat drawings. Quick guide inside box illustrates many molecules you can build and the basic principles of nomenclature. Leaves you wanting more when you run out of parts. Impress your friends. Build a model of something common and keep it around for a while. Then try something else. They won't fall apart easily by themselves--which is cool. Modeling concepts become easy, however molecules snap togeter with some effort. Moderately hard to disassemble pieces, comes with a tool for prying the "close" bonds apart.
Or someone really unorganized. This book really had nothing to offer that you can't learn off an organization site. Total waste of money if you've been scrapping a while or have a magazine. They took a whole book to tell you the same things Creating Keepsakes did in a 3 page article. It really was not at all helpful to me and I ended up returning it.
I have needed tools like this for years. Now I have them. I always had to adjust the bands on my watches and the pins would give me fits. I used them as soon as they arrived to adjust the band on the watch I had previously purchased on Amazon. The Spring Bar and Pin Link Removal tools were well worth the purchase price.
Product seems to be in good shape and good quality, but it has an objectionable odor. The OLFA web-site will give you directions on how to remove the odor. Most plastic things have a strange odor from the manufacturing process.
This order was filled wrong twice. I had requested this larger 8x10 size for patching. Twice I recieved the small jiblets --- roughly the size of a business card. This in spite of 8x10 being clearly shown on the order. Sheeesh !!!
I should have read more carefully what other buyers said about the size of the machine. It is more of a standard size sewing machine, quite heavy, although so far quite performing. Another flat note is the look, the color does not appeal to me but hey! if it is working fine it is a minor detail.
I am very pleased with my purchase of this machine. The delivery was very timely, in fact it arrived a day early. Also all the features were exactly what I needed. Have been sewing a 7 ft x 7 ft life quilt with it & everything is working very well.
These tools are fun and the price is great. They are simple to use and will still leave a lot to the imagination which I wanted. I just wish the rolling pin actually was detached from the handles like a real rolling pin.
seller is great. item is limited to basic. needed a card writer for PE Design software and thought this would work but it does not.
My husband and I both use these when coloring our concept art for projects we're working on. I love the chisel tip side whenever I do broad strokes and he likes the fine tip side for detailing. Great product.
I received this shipment with high hopes, being excited to start making leather jewelry. I almost cried when I opened the box. Great packaging, garbage inside. Hard as wood scraps of gray and brown leather (I think it was leather as it mostly resembled concrete coated fabric) that no one could use for anything. This company has incredible nerve to send out such awful stuff. It is almost as if I was paying them to take care of their garbage. It was so stiff i could not bend it with my hands, and there is no way it could be used for crafts...or anything. Mostly tiny pieces, ugly ugly.Buyer beware! Their stuff is the worst I have ever received.2-Lb Assorted Leather Scraps. Great for Crafts
pens; but they run out of ink so quickly. i need to find a pen just as good but cheaper.
My kids (currently 4 and 6) have been using these scissors for a year. They are sharp enough to cut paper, seem appropriately sized, and look like new despite consistent use. They serve their purpose very well. Still, when my daughter needed a pair to start first grade, I hesitated to buy them because they were all labeled Made in China. I work really hard to limit the amount of stuff I buy from China. I was thrilled when I found these on Amazon labeled Made in U.S.A, and disappointed when I recieved them. They are made in China.
I am so glad to know I'm not the only one who has wasted hours of frustration with this machine! My mom got it for me on sale 2 or 3 years ago and it was good for a little while. Definitely good with basics but then I started having more and more trouble with the thread randomly breaking off and random wadded up bunches of thread on the backs of my projects. No amount of cleaning, oiling, tension tweaking, re-threading or anything else has helped! It will randomly sew fine and then go crazy again. I can't tell you how many times I've had to stop mid-project because of this sewing machine or had to go to hand-sewing!And I thought I was the one having trouble sewing in straight lines, not the machine! Even though you can get this cheap, it's definitely worth it to save up a little more money and get a machine that will last longer and won't make you want to rip your hair out.
I read a lot of different reviews, some from people who hated this machine, and others who sang its praises. It's not a completely fool-proof machine, and I've had a little trouble with the tension, but the manual that comes with the machine has a good trouble-shooting section that has helped a lot with that. It comes with several different presser feet that have been very useful, and several extra needles of various sizes, which was a welcome surprise. So far I've made a quilt, sewn buttons of all sizes, made some stuffed animals, fixed some seams and hems, and it's worked just fine. If you're a professional seamstress, this machine will not be good enough for you, but if you need something for home projects, this machine works just fine.
I got this to put my EZ Pass on the windshield of my new car and it keeps falling off.
Saw lots of good reviews here and elsewhere, so I was hopeful this would be the solution for my 14-year-old Gore-Tex jacket. The jacket had been completely waterproof up until the last year or so. Tried Nikwax and followed the directions exactly. Went out in a rainstorm the next week and the jacket was no more waterproof than it was before I treated it.
As many reviews have stated, this is a heavy material that would not work well if one wanted any kind of drape. The picture quality was excellent. I used it to print out old and current pictures of my family for a patchwork quilt that was a big hit. It would also be great for totes and aprons. Although I don't have kids, I could see this as a project they would really enjoy as well.
i near pounced on my brown santa when he brought my package (aka UPS guy), and boy am i happy. I've never sewed so this was a big investment for me. It's a great size, very pleasing to the eye and all the little accessories are cool, once i figure out what to do with them.For a complete beginner the instructions were horrible. The manual is for many brother products, so i didn't know which section to follow... (e.g do i have a fast wind bobbin? automatic needle threader thing? i had no idea...) and I'm still working out the thread tension. For beginners like me, take your time, read the thing over and over and play with it a while.The machine itself is great, I already made curtains for my bed and my athlete boyfriend gave it a try. For the price, it's really unbeatable...especially if you look at the price it originally retailed at.It's not too heavy which is great, and the lcd screen controls the stitch width and you can plug in what stitch you want. I went to Stitches on capitol hill (Seattle) and the owner had bought a whole bunch of this particular model for her customers to use. Guess it's a good sign.
It's a great blender pen. It arrived later than they said it would, but I think it was because of the holidays. The pen itself works. I got no complaints.
I received the beads sooner than was expected and the product was exactly as I expected. The service was quick and the product excellent. Thank you!
they hurt my hand like crazy, it was sore for three days after i used them, they are sharp however,and make a clean cut. i would recommend the ones with the spring back.
This sewing machine worked moderately poorly until today when the gears stopped working. A repair of approximately two hundred dollars doesn't make sense for this brother. Will report back after testing the limited lifetime warranty with Brother.
OK, but the thread colors are on the rare side: florescent orange and pink, etc. The "pin cushion" is a piece of styrofoam. You get the picture.
After carefully researching & reading all of the glowing reviews for this machine, I purchased it from Amazon in Aug 2011. I loved it at first.... BUT after just 3 short months of minimal use, the tension is completely SHOT! I can't even use the machine. I can't get it to sew a decent stitch on any tension setting :( Waste of money, DO NOT BUY this machine. I spoke to another sewer on my online sewing group & she has the exact same model, only 6 months old & same thing her tension is completely shot & machine is useless!
I like the smooth, light plastic frame and I love the snap on canvas holder - and that it stretches the canvas in all directions. But I think this size is a problem. At least for needlepoint where we need to lay the needle flat to start or tuck thread ends, there is just no room to work with. You would have to unclip the canvas each time. I bought extenders to size this better and a 8x8 should work pretty well for a 5" project. But 6x6 leaves very little space inside, about 4 1/2 inches each way at best and that is not a lot.
It's ok, but I have to tighten the screws (leg extensions, axis) multiple times so that it doesn't collapse. You can tighten it, but if it shifts a little bit, which it will while you paint on it, you will have to tighten all of the screws again. I actually decided to type this interview while I looked for another floor easel. Other people may have better luck with the easel than me though. I think it was 30-ish bucks when I bought it. I'll probably try a metal one next time.
Here's my theory: somebody crafted a prototype of this doll, and took it to the finest toy manufacturers in China. They consulted with their teams of expert seamstresses, who said, "We can't make this."So they decided to sell it as a kit instead, to unsuspecting grandmas everywhere.If you have no grey hair before you start this kit, you will have lots of gray hair when you finish, if you have any hair at all. And by finish, I mean, when you get to the point where your daughter/niece/granddaughter has long ago lost interest in your fiddling with tiny bits of double sided tape (which require a needle and/or toothpick to separate), and is playing with her other toys, and you say, "Good enough! Here's your fairy doll!"
i have used up all of the ink in these pens in almost no time - a few pages of writing and the ink runs out. this is frustrating because the pens are extremely convenient and well functioning otherwise.
these patches do not work well. there's better options available like your own sewing skills.
If your ring has a stone that is delicate and sizing is a risk, or you aren't confident in your jeweler, or your ring can't be sized or you don't want the cost of sizing, or your finger size changes with weight gain and lose....these ring guards are a good alternative. Works for me...I don't notice the guards after I get used to them.
My son reieved this tumbler as a birthday gift in November. Just finished the first round of rocks and the drum has a hole in it...... I could see after time the plastic drum wearing thin, but this was the first set of rocks! I would not recommend buying this product!
Two stars because it does serge all right.BUT... it's a bizarre model that I can't find needles for. I've been to my local Singer dealer, manual in hand, to try to get him to order needles for it. Been on the phone to Singer's 1-800 number a half dozen times getting part numbers and numbers of service centers from New York to Michigan. One service center said &quot;we don't sell that machine. why would we stock parts for it.&quot;In fairness, after enough calls the 1-800 number said they'd send me a &quot;sample pack&quot; of two needles... which hardly gives me a lot of confidence as to what I'll do some months down the line.And the New York place said they'd look into it and phone me back in a few days.But folks, my time is too valuable to spend chasing around like this.So... I'd recommend sticking with another brand, unless making frustrating phone calls is one of your particular hobbies....
I bought this for my 2 year old daughter, she enjoys it very much, she's able to grip these easily. However the ink pad arrived dry and adding water helped, but didn't completely fix it. When buying this I would suggest purchasing a separate ink pad unless you already have one from another set that works well.
It is amazing how quickly you become dependent on some things. One of the things I seem to be unable to live without is a three-hole punch. I have a lot of binders at home and work where I keep various files, and a three hole punch is essential.Three hole punches come in a variety of styles. I have tried low quality three hole punches and have been disappointed with how quickly they seem to start binding up, or the cutter gets dull. On some, the fence that sets the size of the paper either can not be tightened, or is so difficult to use as to be impractical.This three hole punch has punched holes in thousands of sheets of paper and still seems to be as shape as when I first purchased it. While it takes more force to get through a lot of sheets, I am sure that I have stretched the limit of the advertised 32 sheets of 20 lb. paper.There are many three hole punches available. I know this particular punch costs more than some, but it may be the last three hole punch you ever need if you are buying it for home use. In the office I think you will find it outperforms and outlasts many other hole punches. I recommend this hole punch highly.
I would not buy it again,It leaves horrible results.I would not recomend it but you canbe the judge for your self.
Hubby thought they were too "girly" to put on son's bike, but son insisted he get some on HIS spokes when his sister got some. Hubby rolled his eyes but conceded, and son LOVES THEM. They make a clinkity-clinkity-clinkity noise as you ride. BUT son did get in a wreck with his bike when he kept trying to watch his wheels spinning and beads clinking; he so busy trying to get a good view WHILE riding, taht he forgot to watch where he was going. ouch! So, I still recommend them, BUT warn you kids TWICE not to get so entranced that they forget to watch where they're going.
I purchased this for my daughter and the paint stained all over her hands and clothes. I tried to wash it off, but it was impossible. Moreover, it stained on my table and took a while to clean it off. I do not recommend.
I bought this to help my husband better organize his mail and papers. It didn't work, but it still looks great on his desk, stuffed to the gills with un-filed paperwork. You can turn it in several different directions: Upright, flat, or sideways.
We bought this table and chairs for our 20 month old grandson for Christmas. It was a big hit. The bright colors are appealing. It is sturdy. He loves to put things away so the storage bins were a big plus. The chairs are strong enough to hold us adults so we can sit with him and join in on the coloring and playing. I would highly recommend this table and chairs.
I needed to make a couple of small things out of hardwood. I searched Amazon just for giggles and sure enough I found this. I size and number of pieces may very from bag to bag, But all the pieces in the bag I got were good quality dense hardwood. Free of knots and cracks but in a rough mill condition.
While I can't deny the value of this product, I do take issue with the quality. This item was placed on my wishlist because I felt bad asking for all sizes of Clover dpn's, and I received the needles as a gift for the 2010 holidays. I was initially very excited to start knitting on them. I started by using the #2 set to knit some booties and about 2 rounds in, one of the needles literally split down the middle, while another one splintered at the tip. Beyond that, they were flimsy and I felt as though it would be very easy for me to snap the needle in two if I exerted minimal force. The were bending in my hands. It was like knitting on toothpicks. So, one of my sets of needles now ruined, I frogged and restarted the project on #3. These seemed only slightly more sturdy. The needles are way too grippy, not smooth at all! The points of the needles are inconsistent. Even within the same set, I will find needles tips that are almost rounded, coupled with blunt needles and pointy needles. My biggest problem is that the wood is SOFT! After having worked exactly ONE project on my #3 & #5 sets, the needles are all dinged and dented as if they'd been chewed on. I couldn't understand how these got there, as this has never happened with any of my other needles. I eventually realized the dents were caused by 1) my fingernails and 2) pulling the yarn tight to complete odd stitches like p2tbl. I don't think that I will ever use any of these needles again. I will, with bravado this time, be adding the Clover/Takumi needles to my wishlist to give me a complete set of *quality* dpns. What a shame.
I have just ventured into ink and marker drawings. This stuff is a miracle product, has saved several drawings which would have other wise been ruined with just a few brushstrokes.I am betting this one ounce jar will last me for years.
I send one back because brushes were broken. Brushes are broken on the second set also. Did not want to deal with sending it back again.
Bought the paper to make garment and accessory patterns with and, while it's low priced for the size and quantity, the paper is very thin. I find it similar to butcher paper which I use for making moc-up patterns with, and I'll be using this for the same purpose. Purchased to make finished, sturdy patterns that will be used many times but it's not suitable for that. Thinner than typical printer paper.
We use this tape to reinforce manila folders in my office. It means the folders last 3 time longer before needing replacement.
One star for sending me a box with a big dent in it. Pencils are fine, but I can't stop staring at this damaged container that I have to store them in.
I bought this machine thinking it would be a good learning maching for my daughter. Out of the box it worked great for piecing a quilt. The straight stitch is nice and even, but when I tried to sew more than one layer of fabric, the tension was off and difficult to fix. The bobbin also kept nesting, regardless of adjusting the tension. I had rip out every line sewn on the layers and switch to my trusty old (hand me down from MY grandmother) Viking to finish.It's not a bad machine for the most basic stuff, but I won't be using it for quilting again.
Love this machine. Replaced a 10 year Brother that was still working. My only issue is that I find the stitch selecter screen hard to read. Have to focus my flashlight on it. Thought the screen was backlit.
I wanted to jazz up my husband's walker after his hip surgery. I though these beads might fit on a walker basket but they don't. The slot just fits thin bicycle spokes. I put the beads on cord and tied them to his walker. It's not quite as cool as having the beads on the basket spokes but does the job. The beads are colorful enough to show up, however, they are very very small and it takes a lot of them to look good.
Well, no complaint. I just works as describe. A little soft which is good. Writing is easy on it. Grid line is a reference for work.
in the middle of a huge curtain making endeavour my old overlocker seized up...checked out the web reviews and found this one to rate best for my purposes...i'm actually making patchwork curtains so i'm doing alot of serging pieces together and this machine is working fine (once i got the hang of the different threading system)...the only complaint i have is that the tensions are a little strange but hey that's something you get the hang of as you go along...am loving the blind hem feature, something i'd never ventured into using before and must say that after a few long curtain hems i've pretty much got it invisible...highly recommend this machine for beginner to intermediate sewers...i'm sure there's a better machine out there for sewing goddesses BUT FOR THE PRICE THIS MACHINE WORKS WELL AND IS GOOD VALUE
I began my quest for the perfect colored paper because I figured it would be easier for my very young son to color on a stiffer paper. I first tried this Tru-Ray Sulphite Construction Paper. It is actually decent paper with the white actually looking like white. The paper quality is also better and smoother than many cheaper brands of construction paper. I should mention that it is 9x12 paper and so a little larger than "standard". Definitely not a minus, but it is something to take note of.Unfortunately, I decided that I would prefer something a little more stiff than its 76lb weight (personal decision and definitely nothing against the Tru-Ray paper) and so have since tried theWausau Exact Index Cardstock , 110 lb, 8.5 x 11 Inches, 5 Color Pastel Assortment, 250 Sheets (48990). This Wausau 110lb was my second attempt and I have found a winner. This paper is as thick as a thin, store-bought card. I think the colors are also less bright and more rich than they seem in the Amazon image (which is a plus to me). The quality is also excellent with the paper being very smooth (even smoother than the Tru-Ray).If you are looking for nice construction paper I recommend this Tru-Ray. If, like me, you are looking for something a little thicker then I would definitely recommend looking up the Wausau cardstock.
This product was bought for my eight year old granddaughter who was very interested in geology and so excited to receive this. After reading all the instruction we set up the tumbler, it ran for two days and quit! The hassle to send the product back has not been worth it, but does confirm my attitude not to order items through the mail again.
You will still need either a good book or a friend to help you figure out how to hold the pen and make the letters. This is just a kit w/ paper and pens and the pens weren't even that great. No matter how you write they don't make lines that transition between fat and thin. Might as well use a regular pen...I am kinda dissapointed and will keep looking for better pens.I give it 2 stars for dollar value.
ProsSmall Great for small projects & beads4 Pin Vice sizes - Great for other toolsConsNo instructions on Pin ViceDescription says 12 Bead Reamers but it only Comes with 10, all of which are the same size.Expensive for what you getTip:The Pin Vice has two heads on each end. In order to fit the Bead Reamer heads I had to check all four to find one that fit. It is a tight fit so use a Little pressure to put it. Put it back in vice & then replace the mounting screw to keep it in place.This will do for what I am using it for in jewelry making.
These magnets are not strong enough to find metal backing or metal studs through 5/8" dry wall. They can only find screw heads. If you use them daily like I do, buy stronger ones. These are going back. I hope I save somene their money!
These are the big fat gluesticks for a full sized glue gun. I was trying to order mini glue sticks and got the wrong thing.
We were looking for a lightweight but fairly-capable machine to replace an old, heavy "portable". This Brother has a wide range of stitches, a needle threader, free-arm capability for sewing circular items and will sew several layers of fabric. This puts it a notch above some of the real cheap entry level machines. Some of the pieces, like the plastic panel over the bobbin, seem flimsy, but it should be OK if handled with proper care. The included case is really just a vinyl cover with a couple of pockets. You reach through the cover to grab the machine and carry it by its handle. All in all, I think it will work fine for our occasional mending, or a beginning machine etc. If you are seriously into sewing, you may want to go to check out some heavier-duty models.
This tape does not work very well! I had a hard time getting it to melt unless I was willing to hold the iron on so long that it burned the fabric. I am going to throw it out and go to Ikea and buy some of their curtain hemming tape, which works MUCH better than this!
This idea is great. But the utensils were cheap, like seriously the sponge would wipe away the paint, the thin plastic pan the paint was in was so delicate we had to work slow as to not break it in half, and the brush was a joke as the bristles brushed off in less than 5 strokes. We had to use my professional paint brushes that I had stored away in boxes in the back of our closet. The 8 paint colors had a nice thick consistency when mixed properly but we really had to layer it on to get a vibrant picture without it fading before we actually got to take a snapshot of it. We got two fading pictures out of it, but that was with he help of 6 watercolors from target, almost a month of frustration, and the ridiculous amount of time we had to spare. I gave birth soon after the second picture, with paint still left over which I guess we'll save for him to paint with but pfth I'd rather get him real hand paint.I'm glad I came across this idea, but the $2 water colors and a $2 face painting kit from a $.99 & up store would have produced the same results.Steal the idea, don't waste the money. ** stars for the two pictures, thats all.
Works great. I use it constantly in my classroom. It is a bit noisy but not too bad. Thanks for a great sale.
I really like this machine, all it's features and controls. It's very easy to use, and I've made a lot with it, including a whole stash of cloth diapers for my son. Maybe that's why I've had trouble with it--maybe. More than once I've had major problems with the machine keeping tension, and had to take it to the repair shop. Unfortunately the only Brother authorized shop is about an hour away, and they tended to blame the malfunction on me, telling me not to use a different thread in the bobbin than on the spool... which I never do, I use the same white thread for pretty much everything. So I'm not really sure what to make of it. Maybe just a lot of sewing through elastic and several layers while making diapers was too much for it?? But still, I'd expect a machine to hold up to moderate use like that. Maybe I just got a lemon, who knows.
I am so pleased with my new Brother machine. It has greatly exceeded my expectations. The thing I lovethe most is the foot free ability to sew. I can take it anywhere and just plug it in and use the on/off button to sew, no foot pedal needed. I have tried out a number of stitches and materials and it works beautifully. thank you Brother for a wonderful machine. Light too, I can carry it with two fingers!
I was surprised when I opened this item and found that the bottom half of the case was missing. (And yes, I did wonder--how hard could it be to package an item with only two large parts?) In reading over the product reviews, I noticed that another customer had had the same issue. Amazon handled it very well. They provided a return label and shipped out a new case immediately. Fortunately, the second one was fine.
It's cheaply made (the cylinder is plastic), the motor makes a lot of noise (I can hear it two floors away), and it leaks. Not nearly worth the price.
Purchased the machine on the strength of the reviews. I'm an occasional sewer and liked the idea of an electronic machine with control over the stitch speed. Have completed my first project and really liked this feature. It only takes a short while to get used to the hand controls although my foot kept searching for the pedal. The bobbin winding and insert is as easy as stated but I'm still getting used to threading the machine, at the moment I think my 25 year old Brother is easier. So far I've used the overcasting foot and buttonholer, both great except the buttonholer did have a problem over the change in thickness of the garment. Probably need to experiment a bit but I couldn't believe how quickly and neatly it made the buttonholes. The project included a bonnet with a ruffle and the zigzag foot had no problem with the thickness. The manual is easy to follow and the machine easy to use.Dislikes - poor lighting, the free arm is wider than on my old machine, storage of accessories and the cover is awkward.I enjoyed sewing with the machine and I'm pleased with my purchase but withhold the last star until it is two or three years old. The machine is very lightweight and I wonder about it's durability.
I was really looking forward to this item but when it arrived I was disappointed. The purple bag does not have the zipper compartment with the storage box as described. The bag itself is very sturdy and well made but I bought this one because I really liked the storage box compartment. So needless to say I am not very happy with my purchase.
If you're used to using cheap scissors, you will be very surprised using titanium scissors. And, the Westcott Titanium Bonded scissors are very sharp, with a soft-grip handle that is comfortable.But, compared to my favorite (3M Scotch Titanium Non-stick), the Westcott falls short. The cutting blade on these scissors is not particularly long, and for just a bit more, the 3M / Scotch scissors are even sharper, and offer a nonstick finish.
This product worked fine for the first 20 lights then the next 10 lights you have to flick the lighter at least 15 times to finally get it to ignite. It gets worse and worse as far as flicks to get it to light. I just got off my deck and I counted 20 flicks and finally it lit. The butane level is almost 3/4 full and still I have no idea why it still won't light. I will be returning this product as soon as possible. I thought paying this price would give me a reliable lighter on the golf course and in heavy winds but all it has brought to me is frustration and dismay. I hate this lighter with every ounce of being that I contain and everything it stands for. Give me my Ronson or Bic and this lighter can rot in hell!
I rate these scissors 8 on a 1-10 scale. I have large hands and the unique handles are very comfortable. The blades are sharp and clip the finest materials easily and cleanly. They lose the two points because the tips are disproportionately thick for their size limiting their use in confined spaces.
The photos in this Debbie Bliss book are lovely and an inspiration to knit. I have a new granddaughter and borrowed the book from our local library. But, having knitted a cardigan for the little one, I bought the book for my daughter in law who has yet to take up knitting. We'll see. I also made her a needle roll out of cotton to hold a selection of needles which she should find handy, plus some wool for the pattern she selected. I will watch this space to see how quickly she takes up the challenge. I can make needle rolls for anyone who would like one! Quite cheap and very best British quality!
Well, this photo album is great for newspaper articles, but if you change your mind, it will let a mark on the background as soon as you take away the newspaper article. If you use it with photos only, it is great because you can change them without damaging the background and you can compose freely your display with good spacing. For photos, I would have given 4 stars.The downside is also the price. Too expensive!
I own a Lamy Safari EF pen. I purchased the Noodler's ink due to all the positive reviews. To say that I am vastly disappointed... would be an _understatement_.I purchased the bottle 6-months ago. After first filling my cartridge, I was immediately displeased as the ink was a dark gray color, NOT BLACK. So, I searched the reviews on here and saw complaints about the same issue. However, people suggested that shaking the bottle repeatedly would mix the pigment and thus make it black again. Well, I shook it forcefully for about 20 seconds and refilled the cartridge. No difference whatsoever. So, I emptied the tube and shook it again, this time for 60-seconds. Again, absolutely no difference.So, now 6-months later I found myself needing to refill the pen's cartridge again. Mind you, I stored the ink in a dark drawer, which has not seen the light-of-day since I placed it in there 6-months ago. Low-and-behold absolutely no change / darkening in color. It's still a watery gray color.I would never buy anything Noodlers produces ever again. This was an absolute waste of money for me.Bottom line: if you're a gambling man, or woman, then spin the wheel and hope you get lucky. But, judging by the other reviewers who experienced the same gray color, Noodlers total lack of quality control will be keeping me far, far away from anything they sell.
I've been learning how to sew, and I thought a beginner machine would be perfect; if sewing didn't pan out for me, then little love lost, right? However, I have taken to the hobby. Unfortunately, the sewing machine has not taken to me. A machine that jams is like a rifle that misfires: is it any wonder I hesitate to charge in?This doesn't appear to be a personal problem; even experienced seamstresses occasionally jammed, and struggled to untangle the thread underneath. My hypothesis is that this is an analogy machine (indicated by the stitch-selection knobs) and not a digital one. Digital machines, in any industry, tend to are the way to go.
I received this serger as a Christmas gift (2006) from my loving husband, who only wanted me to own the best, top-of-the-line overlock machine. Today is January 10, 2007 and I still haven't figured out how to thread it. I spent 3 hours at the mom-and-pop sewing center this week with an employee, the store's "expert" on the Quantumlock. She was able to turn out two different types of stitches but was unable to show me more because she too could not figure out how to thread the machine.I am an expert seamstress; I have been sewing for 41 years and used to be an editor for a company that produces quilting books, so I certainly have spent a lot of time behind a sewing machine. Never have I seen a sewing machine so poorly designed as this one. It is darn near impossible to thread. The gears/hardware through which you have to pass the thread are so small and so close together that it is impossible to thread without using tweezers. But once you thread it (if you can--I've yet been able to) you have to unthread (parts of) it to do particular stitches, which means inevitably you'll have to go through the agony of rethreading later.There's more. It does not have a swing arm that opens with a hinge so that you can access the left side of the threading area. This means you're looking into darkness while you try to thread the left side and it also means there's no area for your fingers to fit into to thread it. (So what are you supposed to do? Thread it with a toothpick in your mouth?) Further, changing the needles is awkward because the needle area sits so far below eye level. The store employee tipped the machine over and had me balance it, suspended, while she changed the needle, which of course means it takes two people to change a needle. AND you have to change the needle often because the various stitches you may want to use require you to do so.The sewing foot lifts barely 1/4" upward from the throat plate, which makes it hard to place even thin fabric under it. I tried to put a piece of elastic over a very skinny piece of nylon fabric (like the type a woman's slip is made of) and had to tug and tug to get it to fit. Forget trying to sew medium or heavy fabrics with this machine.My husband paid $600 for this machine but it did not come with a video or CD to help the customer learn how to operate it.I give the Quantumlock two stars, the only positive thing I can say about it, because it is designed to do everything. But if you have never used an overlock you will be frustrated by the complexity of this machine. Every time you start another sewing project, or change your stitch parameters, you will have to go through a long, annoying process to reconfigure your machine. I am returning mine to the store next week.
I've used a different tape measure for my waist for years, and it recently broke. I picked this one up, and though it works, it seemed to stretch a little bit too much and might be better served for regular measuring as opposed to my weekly bf measurements.
This seems to be a quality cutter. It was highly recommended to me by friends and others. It cuts well. I like that it is a bit larger than other cutters; this is good for cutting 12x12 paper so you don't feel cramped. My issue is that it is very awkward. I believe a lot of this is due to being a lefty. The extension bar for measuring is not in a place that works well for me. This would be okay if I could flip the cutter around, but because the bar that holds the paper in place only raises on one end, it makes it awkward no matter how I turn it.So, righties, this one is a good one for you. And lefties... I guess if you are highly coordinated... :) otherwise, lefties beware.
The ink pads had no ink the ink pads are all dried all out what good are stamps with no ink
These are great pins except the plastic heads pull off easily. If they would have fixed the two parts together better they would be perfect. The manufacturer cut corners on this product. There are German grip pins available (HLMO0002) that don't pull apart. I would recommend these.
It's junk, please don't waste your money. It is nearly impossible to hold the paper and the guides in place while maneuvering the cutting qizmo. And then even when you have all of that right, the blade catches and doesn't turn correctly and again paper is getting mangled.
Purchased for my 8 year old daughter to take to sewing class in lieu of my high-end Husqvarna Viking. If you've never used and don't need a thousand dollar machine (which admittedly magnifies this baby's limitations), it's perfectly fine. The stitches are straight and well balanced. The machine is fairly quiet and stitch selection is visual--great for a child. Except for the old-fashioned vertical bobbin, which I have to thread for her or risk a tangled mess, it is easy to use and lightweight as described. I wanted an uber-basic machine that was not a toy yet wouldn't cause me a stroke if she dropped it, and this little Brother fit the bill.However...there are many, albeit minor, annoyances which I have come to accept as the price of a bargain. If you know these in advance and can also accept them, this machine will not disappoint. The bobbin is vertical and hidden, which guarantees, at some point, running out of bobbin thread in the middle of a seam. The "storage" requires accessories to be placed into a sealed zipper bag or they'll fall out every time you need to get to the bobbin or use the free arm. The machine requires regular oiling. Oiling is fairly straightforward for the bobbin case, but you can't get to the rest of the moving parts without digging out a screwdriver (the included one is a joke for this purpose) and unscrewing the upper left front panel--a cumbersome procedure which would be fine if the embedded threads receiving the screw were metal, but alas they are plastic and I foresee the thing stripping fairly quickly. I may just remove the doggone cover permanently or rig a hinge for it, as one tends to postpone maintenance when parts are not readily accessible, especially if one is 8 years old. Or 42. The stitch functions shown under the product description are a bit of a stretch. There are many technical critiques to make about unclear and misleading stitch diagrams, but I realize for basic use my criticisms are irrelevant. Speed control was indeed awful as others mentioned; it made the machine virtually unusable and my daughter quickly became frustrated as the machine ran away from her at every attempt, and for that reason I nearly returned it. But there is a fix: take the foot pedal apart. A flat screwdriver inserted at the hinge point and gently twisted easily pops it open. Insert a small scrap of sponge to act as a limiter for the control--there is a perfect little niche to hold it in place--and reassemble. Voila. Lastly, use your heel rather than the ball of your foot to control the pedal, and you will discover a surprising improvement in control! Found that last bit on a review for a different machine but it works great on this one as well.All in all, a fine machine for basic use. Speed control--or lack of it--nearly broke the deal but has been fixed enough to make the machine usable. End result: little girl happy for less than the price of a family dinner out, and Mama's Viking safe. Everybody wins.
I've used this paper to do some object and product shots and it works great. I wish it was a tad thicker but for the price I can't complain. Don't use it on a soft surface or it will wrinkle or tear but that is normal for all paper backgrounds. I like it so much I plan to buy a black one for photography. I imagine it makes great art paper for drawing too.
I ordered this paper for my son and daughter to use their metallic crayons on. It is great quality and exactly what I was hoping for.
I thought I had found the perfect little scissors for my left-handed 4-year old granddaughter. Good size, nice grip, colorful, blunt. But no! Not true left hand scissors. I am angry enough to return these.
Unable to close the pins, is of poor quality material, 3 of 6 nozzles were damaged, and no good, I lost my money with this tool.
This is a very high quality star punch and is great for using with scrapbook paper to make fancy cutouts. The punch goes through even thick paper and seems very high quality. However, the punch is heavy so if you're planning on using this for an extended period of time to stamp out a lot of stars, be aware of the weight issue.
The rebate forms clearly state that they cannot be duplicated (i.e. reproductions won't be accepted). Since Amazon's chosen method of giving out the rebate forms is to let you print them yourself, that means you will be sending in a reproduction. I asked Amazon if they had discussed this with the manufacturer, and whether the manufacturer had agreed to accept the reproductions for purchases on Amazon. Amazon never contacted them, even after they received my request for information, and (at least at the time of this writing) they continue to advertise the rebates that will probably not be honored.
These are mess free and great fun for children. We drew a black and white mural and the children filled in the animals with these by making dots. (Pointellism) It was mess free and very colorful. Don't expect to "write" with these like regular markers, they are made purposely to produce dot shapes. Great for grades K-4.
This product does not cut perfect circles. The blade does not fit securely and therefore moves around on the paper when being used. The gripper-sticker that can be attached to secure the arm to the mat makes it impossible to create smaller circles because it makes the blade sit too high on the mat. The mat has no gripper and constantly moves around on the surface you're working. This product was a waste of my money and is being returned.
it did not cut like i thought it would, their was a review that said it cut through a thin tin container so i figured it could cut through three thickness's of material it doesn't now i still have to find something else
The slider broke on my nephew's snowboarding jacket and I didn't want to replace the whole zipper - and was thrilled to discover this (and other) slider replacement kits! I ordered this one because of reviews and the fact that it had Amazon Prime shipping so I could get it in time for his next weekend trip. Fortunately, the 2nd slider I tried was the right size for his zipper.The only problem I had was that there was NO WAY I was going to get the top stop (plastic) back on after pulling it off - the slot that went over the zipper tape closed right up when pulled off. I do agree with the reviewer who said the kit should include some stops (I saw another kit that did) because this must be common - hence the 4-star rating. I just set the stitch length on my sewing machine to zero and zigzagged at the top of the zipper to make a knot of thread that the slider couldn't pass over. It's not as neat as a stop but will work.
This rating should actually be a four and a half, the only drawback on the wonderful book is it is to large for a field guide. With this book you will have no doubt in identifying your bird. Have fun.
Bought this Carolyn Pollack extender to go with some of her jewelry. Very satisfied with the quality as with all of Carolyn's products.
This is the product to slow the burn and improve the smoke-cheap and small to carry!!!! Good value great service
I ordered this for my sister's babyshower. The colors were nice and vibrant. We had a lot of fun painting her belly. Was fairly easy to wash off.
This color turned out to be a medium grey color. While the gold and silver colors are good, this color wasn't even close to that shown on the company website.
I've been using guillotine, and Xikar cutters for a couple years, when I decided to give a punch a try (not the cigar brand) I purchased this one, and pulled out a Romeo y Julieta: Verona's Court, I centered it up and drove the blade home.The perfect clean hole was something I wasn't used to. Not cleaning up a pile of tobacco was also an added bonus. I lit the end and took my first pull...nice long draw, very impressed! I continued with the RyJ until about 3/4 through, this is normally where I feel the heat of the cigar, but not with the punch hole.I must admit I keep this on my key chain at all times, and turned my Xikar cutter into a drawer kept back up. Some people mention tar buildup but I have yet to experience this in any of the brands I smoke.Ill be ordering a second punch for my dads birthday this coming August!
This item is much small than anticipated but includes everything pictured. The box is beautiful and it will make a nice gift.
When it worked it did well. I was very happy with how light the machine is, and small, easy to handle, compared with all my previous ones. Also the bunch of special feet were very nice too.Unfortunately I don't know if mine was a lemon, but every so often the thread would either get stuck or pushing too much thread and making loops without me making any changes in the settings. What seemed to make things worse was pressing the reverse function.Didn't try the advanced features. Just returned it.
Bought the paper to make garment and accessory patterns with and, while it's low priced for the size and quantity, the paper is very thin. I find it similar to butcher paper which I use for making moc-up patterns with, and I'll be using this for the same purpose. Purchased to make finished, sturdy patterns that will be used many times but it's not suitable for that. Thinner than typical printer paper.
This basic knife set is ok, the blades are sharp but they keep comming loose from the handles, i guess this is what you canexpect from an inexpensive set of knifes.
I do Gallary Glass as one of my hobbies. It is kind of like stained glass, only done with paint. I find these little bottles with the tiny tips a must when getting in small areas.
The cutter looks really beautiful and is well-made - the idea of having a nice necklace with a purpose is what made me put this item on my wishlist. And I finally got one for Christmas.I still like the look, but I find myself going back to my cheap cutter from Clover more and more. This one has quite small cutouts, so it is really hard to cut thicker yarns (which I love to use a lot; I am a knitter, not a quilter). Also, it just does not seem as sharp as the other one.So if you are a knitter and like thinner yarns, or you are a quilter and wish to cut thread with this pendant, it is well worth it.
I am a new puppy owner, and like most, I am ABSOLUTE gelatin in her paws. When I caught myself getting inordinately excited that my &quot;baby&quot; went up the three steps to the deck by herself at only seven weeks, I decided (to my infinite embarrassment) that I needed a puppy journal. After searching diligently for about a week, and rejecting all of the silly, cartoonish and cheaply-made wire-bound variety journals, I stumbled across this utter gem. The first thing that makes &quot;The Puppy Baby Book&quot; stand apart is the fact that it is an actual hard bound book. This really IS something that will withstand the test of time. The artwork is clean and understated so as not to take away from your photos or entries. It is done in subtle hues with a definite art deco sensibility. There are also several handy pockets inside for things like adoption papers, medical records and even your puppy's first rabies tag. I couldn't be happier with the exceptional style and quality of this book. I would particularly recommend it for pet owners with a sense of history and an appreciation of those classic breeds that were at the height of their popularity in the 20's and 30's (Boston Terriers, Greyhounds, Afghans, etc). Finally, Three cheers for this and all those other struggling independent publishers out there.
Machine is smaller and more lightweight than other machines I have owned. It does have a nice assortment of built-in stitches and 3 built-in buttonholes. Over all the machine appearance is nice and is easy to operate, also the instruction booklet is easy to follow. It does have features normally found on higher-end sewing machines; but it does lack the quality. The head and floor (power) pedal is constructed of thin plastic and feels weak like it could easily break. Although manufacturer claims the machine can sew through 7 layers of denim, I doubt it would last long due to lack of power. The stitch precision is also lacking, and it does not have the stitch calibration of higher-end sewing machines. The stitch quality is more in keeping with a toy sewing machine or "mini" sewing machine that are now available. I spent several hours testing the machine and comparing the stitch quality with another machines I own, and my decision was to return the machine for a refund. Overall quality is lacking and I was also concerned with the availability of parts and service. Anyone wanting a computerized machine and keep within the price range of this machine, I would suggest purchasing a good used Swiss or German made machine, the craftsmanship and technology far exceeds the Euro-Pro Brand. For a beginning sewer, I would suggest starting out with a basic machine and later getting a more advanced model.
The second grader this was for did very well with it...a long strip became a scarf, the last I saw, rather than waiting to be a quilt.
I have been sewing for many, many, many years and always with Singer Machines.Based on reviews and price i decided to give this machine a try.It was wonderful at first, but to take apart for cleaning and oiling simply takes too much time away from my sewing projects.Plus the screwdriver supplied is so tall it would not fit under the arm, had to use my singer one.I am in the process of finding out how to return.
Regarding the Brother CS6000i sewing machine - I purchased this sewing machine because it was described as a "workhorse" along with other flattering comments. While I cannot say anything truly negative about the machine, I will say that the term "workhorse" is misleading. An authorized Brother dealer told me that this machine is for the occasional sewer, to be used a few times a year. I do not sew fancy, complicated, or heavy-duty, but I do sew frequently, as in several times a week. The machine locked up on me after only 6 months of use, and, although the service is under warranty, I still had to drive about an hour from home to drop it off and will drive another hour to pick it up. I have now purchased a heavier duty machine and hope to have better luck.
This is a difficult product to review because I have no way of knowing if this tape is any different than packaging tape or whether it will last over time. The Scotch website doesn't specify what makes this tape more suitable for repairing books and record jackets than their other tapes (I've used packaging tape for books/records for years).That said, I've never had a problem with any Scotch tapes I've used in the past, so I'm going to assume this tape will work well for its intended purpose. Is it worth the price difference (more than twice the cost of packaging tape)? - I won't know for another ten years or so.
It does okay on shirts, but my husband tried to sew a button on his work pants and it doesn't hold!
This is a lot of fun, but it's rather large and I wouldn't recommend it for a beginner. Choose something smaller and with less colors if you are just getting started.
This was not a great kit, but it is OK when done. I was disappointed in the yarn quality. A lot of short and too long yarn pieces and the diameter varied greatly. A lot of some colors left over and others ran short on count.
I am not a dressmaker. I bought them years ago for general use around the house and love them. It is on my wish list to get a second pair.
These scissors are good, all-around scissors for basic home and office needs, and that is what the manufacturer professes. The scissors not only look great, but they feel solid and are sharp. They are easy to grip and comfortable to use. I keep them handy in the kitchen next to the stove, and use them mainly for cutting open food packaging and cutting coupons. They work much better than the cheapo's we bought at the dollar store, and are worth the price. These scissors feel well-made and I look forward to them staying sharp for a long, long time.
I got the pencils on time, and compared the horror I went through ordering a different set of pencils, this was easy. However...1) There were no "bonus artstixs" in the package.2) Package allowed for way too much movement and breakage.3) All of the pencils were sharpened and as much as half an inch was missing from the pencils. (2 pencil tips were broken off from what looked like the sharpening)4) They looked used! There were small dents and tiny scratches in all of the pencils, whether this is from someone using or "testing" them or package movement, I'm not sure.All in all still great pencils, still work, but it's extremely disappointing to have to deal with such low quality from amazon.
I wrote a very negative review a couple years ago about the Brother 270D and the auto thread cassette, and it seems to have disappeared! Do not buy this machine, the auto thread cassette is a piece of poor design, it can take me up to 30 minutes to get it to work finally.
We did a big service project of repairing the broken hymnbooks in our church. There were over 100 books, and we were teaching ourselves, so we tried this book tape and then clear shipping/packaging tape. They were basically the same. We didn't like them because the clear tape made the books look cheap. But the real problem was that as we followed online instructions on how to repair the broken and torn backs, we found that although this tape is heavy, it tears easily. Many of the covers were torn in the top where the spine meets the front and back. And this tape gave no strength for this repair.We eventually found a book binding tape made of vinyl coated cloth that works perfectly. It is strong and looks great on the books. We found it here:[...]We have no agreement with Demco and they are not compensating us in any way. I would just like to save anyone else from all the trial and error we went through before we found something that works.
Yarka gouache is a good for the money. It has strong pigment. Not a great lightfastness of the colors. It is very opaque; pencil drawing does not show through the paint. It does not leave streaks of color but leaves round spots when you cover a large area. It is safe for kids, ACMI non-toxic.The jars are very difficult to open and when you do open it, the paint often splashes. After paint dries it becomes much lighter. The thickness of the paint is inconsistent. Black is more watery than other colors. Yarka is far from professional quality.
Received in a timely manner. It was well appreciated by the grand daughter who received it. She was able to make several gift projects for Christmas.
I had hoped that it would play a bit more of the song, but for the price, including 2, I got what I paid for. This is a great project item, I was very happy with it.
When I bought "Knot-a-quilt" I was extremely excited to open it and make a new quilt. I bought the product because my older sister had said "AMAZING!! I LOVE THE RESULTS!!" However,this product is so hard, even to tie a knot. The fringe is BARELY long enough to do so. The toy is a project and I understand the point of the product is to have a hard project, but for the younger ones it should be at least doable. What I wanted to know before I bought the product was if it was too complicated or not. I recommend you save your money and buy something better,easier, and more fun, if you want to knot a quilt.
We were so disappointed when we received this item, which was to be a Santa present for my two year old grandchildren. The center arrived with a side missing the groove to support the base, which meant we could not assemble it. We had to take it to a carpenter who had a special saw which could cut the groove.Not something which could easily be done one day before Christmas. And no-one has responded to my report of this manufacturing error. I guess no-one will acknowledge this comment either.Shirley
This pattern is very pretty and has cool colors. But be warned if you want to make this for someone as a gift make sure you order this well in advance. There is a lot of stitching that needs to be done and unless you have a huge amount of time you won't finish it in a short time. Some of the printing was blurred a little on some parts of the pattern but that may have happened to only my pattern. This is really a beautiful pattern. I like it.
So beautiful, so vibrant. I know the clothes are going to look fabulous with this colour. Thread also seems quite sturdy,
It's certainly paper!There's plenty of it and it's pretty heavy. I was using it for making clothing patterns and it does its job well, but every once in a while gets very small tears. So it's nice and heavy duty but as with all paper, don't put too much stress on one spot, I guess.It is almost too heavy for my use but I'm considering that a good quality and just the wrong tool for the job.
I had to punch several times to get the whole made. The puncher slipped out of position several times. It appeared to be unstable on the garment and moved before I could punch my belt.
I am very pleased with the chalk pastel set. I was a bit hesitant but I find that they work well with the little chalk tips and balls to apply to my projects. I do recommend this set.
This might be okay if you're punching thin paper, one sheet at a time, but when I tried heavier paper the plastc - yes, plastic! - handle snapped right off. Maybe mine had a defect, or a weak section, but without a metal core the plastic will eventually weaken and break. Not at all worth the money, I will never buy one like this again.
I had tried the little rubber adhesive backed feet and the sandpaper dots, but I was still searching for the perfect solution to the slippery backs of the quilting rulers. For me, this doesn't seem to be it. In a class I took 2 or 3 years ago our instructor told us about this product and how wonderful it is. I bought two packages to make sure I had enough to cover the backs of all my rulers--I have more rulers than I really need. The application didn't go quite as smoothly as the instructions indicated. It just didn't want to stick to some of the rulers (all of which were the same Omnigrid brand). It is supposed to work on the principle of static cling, I guess, but I ended up having to dampen some of the rulers to make this product stick. There is no adhesive involved. This is a plus when it comes to removal if you decide not to keep it on your rulers--no sticky backs--but then, maybe that would be the solution I am looking for.I found that when the product was new it did seem to lessen slightly the tendency of the ruler to slide across the fabric as you apply pressure and cut. However, it didn't seem to last very long. The more I used the rulers the more it appeared that the film had less and less of its nominal at best gripping power. I haven't taken the time to tear it off of all of my rulers--it isn't hurting anything where it is, even if it isn't greatly helping. But as edges start to curl up I peel it off and I have about half of my rulers with it and half without. I admit that as I work with them I have a hard time telling which have it and which don't.If anyone has a recommendation about something that has really worked for them I would be interested. My complaint about the little rubber feet is the fact that the ruler doesn't sit flat on the fabric and the fabric can shift a little as you cut--especially at the edges or folds. The sandpaper dots grabbed the fabric too well at times, making repositioning of the rulers difficult, and they are not transparent, so wherever you apply them they obscure the lines on the rulers. This is especially bothersome on the smallest rulers. I had hoped this product would solve my problem, but I will keep looking.
I still write out some of my working documents. Like account info, and keep it in a special little book. You want to be able to edit this stuff, and you want to do it neatly. The only way is with a thin mechanical pencil, a gum eraser and a shield. But try to buy one of these!! Walk into an office supply store and the employees, if you can tear them away from texting, think you are speaking a foreign language. This little item was perfect.
All I really wanted was a simple sewing kit and that is what I got. A cheaply made plastic box that broke when I opened it, but the thread is nice and the needles are holding up nice. I haven't used the thimble ( it's plastic ) so I automatically assume it's worthless other than that I am pleased with it
Sturdy construction, and easy to use. With three other 90 degree corner clamps, keeping wood at right-angles while constructing cabinets is very easy when using this clamp.
This paper is too thin, but it is enough for my use.I live in USA and it is very difficult to find A4 format. It would be nice if amazon offer a A4 format with a better quality.
I like the quality of the paper for colored pencils art drawings. The weight of the paper is good, but would recommend exploring other products.
It is a great product for the price. I an having fun with it and it is very useful as a help to create illustrations for kids.
This tape pen needs another round of testing by the manufacturer. I was fighting with this thing through my whole project. What happens is the used tape doesn't retract into the pen so you're constantly winding it. What a pain.
At $6 this made in China sewing kit is good for a survival kit or emergency use. The reusable bag is nice, even better if the packaging didn't stick to it, guess it was in there for quite some time! :) The scissors are just what you would expect at this price point, my knife would be better. It does have a nice selection of different color threads, 2 pins, 4 buttons, 1 med safety pin, 1 small safety pin, 2 small pins, and 3 needles in another small plastic pouch. A 25 inch paper tape, cheap threader and the scissors. This is one of the more flatter and compact kits I have seen and is good value for the price. The size is 3 1/4 W x 2 1/4 H less than 1/4" thick. see photo's, hope this helps!
This is a great addition to the main product. My only wish is that it was longer than 10 feet. There is a lot of waste as well. Tips on how to minimize this would be great.
I thought I was getting the whole set of palette knives, instead I got only ONE knife. They completely tricked me! I'm boiling. I would never have paid for one knife. I don't know if I would buy from Painting-Crafts agiain. The description and picture is compleately misleading. And the knife is flimsy.
its ok not as good as ranger tim holttz much better. but ok. just not as bright as use to
the straps wear very thin. that means it will not last long. i`ve hade this product for over 10 years and the straps wear a lot more thicker. i have allways wore one sense the 70`s.
The projects in this book are adorable! Sadly the title of this book is very misleading.I have some knitting experience but thought this would be a great way to start on garments that need to fit.A baby sweater?! I thought it would be a quicker, less expensive way to learn to make a sweater.The patterns seem almost cryptic. At first I thought maybe they would make sense to only experienced knitters but have found that is not the case. Even the most experienced knitters seem to "guess" at an interpretation.Unfortunately I have purchased a couple of Debbie Bliss books before trying a pattern out. Big mistake.I would recommend really looking over a pattern before buying the book.Good luck!
A simple tool. Easy to adjust. Bought it to punch additional holes in my belts. Works perfectly.
They say it's clear paper but it's more like a frosted clear paper, so when you put it on something you either have to cut right along what you printed or if you do something that you wanted on a clear sheet it looks frosted and doesn't really look good at all.Shame they say it goes on clear when it doesn't.
As a teacher, I spend an inordinate amount of time putting posters on my classroom walls to inspire and instruct my students. Too many of the products sold for this purpose have proved ... well, "inadequate" would be kind. Coming in each morning to find another poster (or several) on the floor is not the best way to begin the day.This year, I decided to try some alternatives to the usual types. Quakehold! 88111 Museum Putty is just fantastic. Once up, what it holds stays up. I even subjected it to a severe test - I am using it to hold a framed poster on a paper covered bulletin board. It has not budged a millimeter.
Well, it's construction paper for sure. Quality seems good, colors are bright. What else is there to say? It does seem fairly smooth compared to some brands I've used in the past. Would probably buy again.
This is not what I thought it would be. But for those who are interested it would not be the right place to start go directly to Brother ask lots of questions... get help understanding which one is the one you will be able to use.
We found these VERY difficult to clean off of our porcelain tub. They are based on wax ingredients, which may be part of the difficulty. And I agree with the other reviews. There is a lot more packaging than necessary, and it hides the small amount of product. Not a good value. They were easier to clean out of our sink; our child did love drawing with them. I am guessing there are better products out there; perhaps soap crayons.
Yes, every once in awhile the pen stops working, and I need to screw in the piston a little more. Ink has a nice feel when writing with it, so I am not entirely disappointed with it.
I ordered this gun to use with glue-gun style sealing wax for wedding invitations. I wasn't really impressed that this didn't handle the thinner wax sticks like standard glue guns and I actually had to use a pen to push the wax out because the trigger on the gun didn't work. I do like that the cord is long, it comes with a convenient stand, and has a high/low heat option.
T his looks great in our sons nursery and it will match the Kidkraft boat bed we purchased well! all in all well worth the money and a must have for a nursery/toddler's room!
I ordered this product for a school project, it was supposed to be a one-inch square. What I received was an irregular measurement of 11/16 of an inch. The punch itself works well but the project was made exponentially more difficult due to this error in description. I would be wary of purchasing from this seller again.
These are an inexpensive but excellent pair of scissors. They have a nice soft grip which is really nice when doing a lot of cutting compared to the normal hard plastic grips. So far they have done a good job of cutting everything I have tried so far, paper, fabric, cardboard and hard plastic packaging. For the design, quality and lifetime warranty, they are relatively inexpensive and definitely a cut above the cheap scissors.But as another reviewer said, the Scotch scissorsScotch Precision Scissor, 8-Inches (1448)are probably a better deal. They are less expensive and also have a lifetime warranty. We have so many scissors in our house that we just don't wear them out so I can't speak to the durability. Would I buy another pair, probably not as I would buy the Scotch instead.
This is a good kit if only the products in it were made better. The bobbins in the kit did not work with my Singer 4423. It was difficult to wind and when I when I used it in the machine, the bobbin would constantly jam. The needles in the kit were very flimsy and some of the needles were impossible to thread even with help of the threader. Every thing else in the kit was mediocre. I also agree with everyone else that they kit is hard to open.
well like the title says the glue gun gets the job done but I just hate that the chord is like the length of a ruler T_T thats way to short for me...
I'm not much into painting, therefore the numbers mean nothing to me....I ordered these for my child thinking that as the picture shows, there are 12 different sized brushes, and would make her paint by number picture easier to paint. Instead I received 12 of the same size brushes, thick therefore useful in most paint by number projects.
for the price it's great. when i first used it i thought it was decent but then my new drawing professor had me use copic and when i went to prisma i can really tell the difference. copic comes up better.BUT not to discourage. it's a great product better for practicing and for beginners or just for your own artsy entertainment instead of having to spend $60+ on copic. the ink runs out really fast--goes for any brands
I had read that many of the good beginner books are geared toward teens and that is the truth when it comes to this one. This is a great book for teens and 20-somethings or a young mom and daughter who want to learn knitting together. It explains all of the basics and gives color photos of stitch patterns and project patterns. It explains what size needles to use with the different weights of yarn. I love that it gives you the top ten problems you may encounter and how to resolve them. It also includes an abbreviation list in the back.There are great specific patterns for teens and 20-somethings in this book. There are so many great beginner patterns it is hard to choose between them. Patterns include: a great easy poncho; a couple cute, simple purses; a lot of nice scarves and hats: a very simple friendship blanket. Each pattern tells you what materials and skills you need to have, what yarn they used in the picture, and simple instructions IN PLAIN OLD ENGLISH, NOT ABBREVIATIONS. It also has a 1-day projects section with 3 patterns. I love that you don't have to buy a pattern book with this one because there are so many great patterns included.If you are a teen or 20-something looking for a book that teaches you to knit through simple techniques (IN PLAIN ENGLISH) with great easy patterns you can not go wrong with this book. I would recommend it to anyone learning to knit that has gotten frustrated with the other beginner books out there.
This was just what I was looking for and it works very well. I love the squeeze handle style and the open back lets you see exactly what you are punching.
I bought this little glue gun and was HORRIFIED to see on the label that it contains lead and causes reproductive harm. How in the world is it legal to sell this and why would anyone want this? No craft projects are worth getting cancer. Hoping the seller issues me a refund asap. I gave it one star because the Amazon system won't let you post without picking a rating... but I would give it minus stars.
My 3 and a half year old plays hard and puts holes in all of his jeans. I would go broke buying him new ones so I was looking for an easy solution to patch his pants. The directions were easy to follow and they ironed on with no problem. Unfortunately, these came off of every pair of pants after I washed them. As much as I wanted these to be an easy solution, they just didn't work.
I've only recently seriously started to try to indentify the birds I have been observing and photographing the last several years. So I must be considered a novice at identification, I guess. I bought this book, the National Geographic "Field Guide to the Birds of North America", and "Birds of Ohio", all at the same time. And I must say that all of them are very good, in my opinion. This particular book, "The Sibley Guide to Birds", helped me to positively indentify an American Bittern. And helped confirm several others. It is a good reference book, in my opinion. Very good. While I do find that the pics and info in the NG book are slightly better, I would still recommend this book to anyone. It is "Awesome"! You can't go wrong with it.
Since I can't sew, I decided to try this for button repair. It's a little finicky, but once you get used to it, it gets the job done. I had one repaired button come off after one use, but I think that it was my fault. The second one that I applied to a pair of pants has had no difficulties.
I received this machine as a birthday gift last year as a beginner machine. After spending 30 minutes trying to locate the front loading bobbin (thank god for the internet) I finally had it threaded. After my first simple project was completed (a pillow case) this machine has unthreaded the needle countless times, sucked the material inside the machine twice, and the foot pedal only has one speed, WARP SPEED. It gets 2 stars because it is ever so slightly still more convenient than hand stitching but not by much.
Great bird book. I used it multiple times to identify birds. It may not be the most practical guide to take birding because of its size, but if you have a couple minutes to look up the bird you will find what you are looking for. Great illustrations.
Well labeled bottles; works nearly perfectly always. This set will give you a good reference value for your scrap gold before you trust the buyer.
This book doesn't really help those who really want to air brush cakes. The book needs to be more detailed in how to do and make it more simple. This book would hinder those realy want to air brush due to its complex lay out.
when i first saw this machine i thought it to be the best in its price range. it offered lots of features like the four step button hole , 52 stitich functions etc. the day i brought home my first new machine , the bobbin case was loose and so the machine wasn't working. i returned it and exchanged it for another one and this time the stitch selector function wasn't working..i was really dissappointed with both the experiences.i do not recommend buying this machine without first checking if all the functions are working..i think it would be best to buy refurbished ones as they are repaired and factory tested and seem to be doing well. i bought my machine from walmart and they exchanged it without any fuss and i was glad i bought it there.
Does the job very well. I don't think you can fit more than 10 papers in it but that's fine. It collects the cut-out pieces in it's belly which can be removed later. overall very good value.
This magnifier costs about four dollars here in South Korea, but I bought it for more than forty-nine dollars including shipping charge(20.29 +28.75). It magnifies little more than the objects. It is made in China. Its color resolution is not so good. To my great sorry, Amazon market usually does not show where the merchandises are made. Be careful of your choice.
I am not sure what the hell I was thinking when I ordered this thing. I can not even fit this in my desk. I really dont use a hole puncher that much but seeing i can put it anywhere it is prominently displayed on my desk for all to see. Jesus what did I think I was going to need to punch holes through, Cardboard. Man I am an idiot. Order the smaller version.
I'm so glad I discovered this product by accident when I was beginning to make my first scrapbook. Rubber cement makes paper crafts nearly painless! You just apply the cement on both items you want to paste together (as fast as you can before they dry up) and stick the items to each other. This adhesive product holds well, but if you really made a mistake and wanted to separate what you pasted, it is possible to do that without ripping the pieces. Typically, I stick two papers to each other with rubber cement, but I have also stuck other lightweight objects to paper successfully with this product.The best part is that it doesn't leave the kind of mess traditional glue does. Once the rubber cement has dried, you just rub off the residue left on the sides, and you're done. The only issue I had with this product is that the bottle claims it "dries clear", yet when you look really closely on your paper, any place where there was rubber cement is now a different color tone than the rest of the paper. It's a really subtle stain, but I could notice it. If you want a perfect project that doesn't have those light stains, avoid applying rubber cement anywhere other than between the two items being pasted together.Oh, and it's probably very obvious, but make sure to work with this in a well-ventilated environment. The fumes this releases is not good for your health.
The machine gets a 9 from me- the ONLY complaint is you can't adjust the speed-its just fast. Works great, its easily portable, the price was great also. One last thing, the instructions are pretty bad. I found them hard to understand so I just ended up youtubing the directions on how to thread the machine. Im a beginner and those instructions had me completely confusef.
This was my first time to get a Crayola paint. I bought it for my 3 yeard old in store without reading any reviews. Well, I am extremely happy with this paint - it has no smell (i'm surprised by other reviewer's comments about overwhelming smell - this is the least smelly paint I ever tried, it is virtually odorless), it washes right off and the colors are very vivid. I thought the amount was also quite generous, as these are 2 ounce bottles. After two (extensive) painting sessions, the bottles are still almost full (except maybe for the purple one - my daughter's favorite color). Will be buying a bigger set once this one is over.
I was searching for a good dye for nylon, the product says it is great. I tried it, did everything it asked, and no good results, poor product.
My 6 year-old daughter received this as a Christmas gift and was very excited about using it. We quickly realized that it was too complicated for her. Even with an adult using it, the machine jammed up on the second use. My husband was able to get it unjammed and it immediately jammed up again. After several repetitions of this, I found myself wishing it had come with a receipt. I would most certainly not spend $40 on this machine.
My son's #1 fave color is purple. So I was a little annoyed that there was light blue, dark blue...but no purple! The paper is a little on the thin side, but nice vibrant colors.
I am completely new to the sewing practice. I purchased this machine after reading the other reviews, and I am happy I did it.I was not looking for anything fancy, only a machine to do simple beginner tasks, and I find this one very easy to use. I completed my first project in one afternoon.By the way, the included instruction book is written in English, French, Spanish and Portuguese. I am a native Spanish speaker, so the fact that my language is included in the manual was very useful.
Prismacolors are nice markers. They aren't the BEST, but they certainly are good for beginners and novices. They are nicely blendable, come in an array of colors, and are double-tipped. They are shaped nicely too, so they are easy to control.The downsides are as followed:1. They tend to bleed a little.2. This set comes with an unbalanced array of colors. There is 1 red, 5 shades of pink, 3 oranges, about 14 skin tones, 3 yellow, 7 shades of green, 2 very distinctly different purples, and 8 blues. It also comes with 2 metallic and 1 black. The others are colors inbetween. This set is best for drawing human figures. The first two rows of the tray are various skin tones. There are no grays nor whites.3. The tray isn't all that great. Assembly is a bit confusing, and it doesn't stay together as well as it could.In conclusion, these markers are very nice, although this set should be used soley for drawing bodies or even fashion design. The tray is not worth much more than $5, so if you aren't pressed for space and absolutely need it, buy the set without the tray. It's much cheaper and still worth it.
I purchased one of these for my wife. When we unpacked it, we found the needle was not aligned to go into the slot on the base plate. Instead it would hit the plate itself. A call to Singer's support line confirmed that this is something that requires service and cannot be fixed by us. However, authorized dealers won't touch machines like this unless they sold it, or unless they have an arrangement to get paid by Singer for warranty work. So, we returned the machine for a replacement. Amazon was very good about getting the replacement sent to us, but the replacement had the same problem! Appears to be poor quality control at the Singer factory. We returned the second machine for a refund.
After half an hour of shaving a kids pair of sweat pants, you can barely tell the difference! This shaver is terrible! Don't buy it, you'll be sorry! Also, the vendor selling this doesn't have a very good return policy.
The Brother sewing/embroidery machine is basically quite good. My main complaint would be the threading procedure which has a distinct Rube Goldberg quality and could be much improved on.
I bought this shoe for my 11 year old son. He is fanatic in track & field and spikes are a must have. In Holland these are hard to find and then very expensive! He picked the color himself(!) and since he wears them at least 2 of his teammates have bought the same shoe thru me!For his age the shoe should have a little more heelcushion however, otherwise great spike!
I do not know how to sew. I have not read the manual but I was able to follow pretty basic instructions and hem the curtains that have been sitting around for a year. Since then I have hemmed several pair of pants. So I would rate this machine a 5 if you need it for everyday mending.
i purchased this rolls to cover the tables for my step-sons bday party. i put crayons in a cute vase for the kids to see the wide variety of colored crayons, and they colored the tables while between games, eating, etc.over it all there was lots left to use for another baby shower which will be coming up for my sister, this roll has lots of utilizing and i will be using it to the very end.fash shipping will purchase more before i run out, for sure!
No needle like it says inthe package? No invoice either inside the box. It should say there is no needle instead of saying it does.
This is only for one brush, not a set as shown. When I got a huge box holding only one small brush, I was sure there was a mistake. But no, it was just my mistake for trusting the picture and not thoroughly reading. It's not even that great of a brush.
Red Heart Super Saver Yarn is a pretty great bargain. Michael's sells it for about $2.99 (I doubt it's much different at other large brand craft stores) and as you can clearly see, you get a lot for a little and there are a good deal of colors to choose from. The yarn itself is 100% acrylic - part of the reason it's so inexpensive. To some, this can be a serious drawback. Many people dislike the somewhat scratchy feel of it, and I can't blame them. It's not the softest yarn in the bunch, but who can be surprised with such a nice price? I would not recommend this yarn to use for sweaters or other clothing items. Unless you're making it for yourself and don't mind the somewhat scratchiness. (Note: a single wash can help ease the scratchiness.) Another thing to note is many people are "yarn sensitive" and acrylic can bother the skin. In which case, I'd look for cotton and other natural fiber yarns. But on the flip side, Red Heart Super Saver is perfect for stuffed animals, dolls, and amigurumi of that sort. It's durable, especially when you figure that you won't be throwing your amigurumi in the wash that often. I find it easy to work with, especially because it's a tight yarn and stuffed toys generally benefit from Red Heart's tightness. Unless you're making a stuffed toy for a baby to snuggle with, it's great for children's toys. And, who can forget the price! A few other drawbacks, though minor, I noted are that I tend to find a couple superficial tangles in the skeins that annoy but do not ruin the whole thing. Also, I occasionally pick up a skein that just doesn't work the way I'd like it to. For example, I bought a skein of the skin colored one and found that it just didn't work like the other skins of RHSS did. I guess there are lemons in every product, but still a bit annoying.Overall...PROS:- Excellent price- Large color palette, including some unique multicolored options- Widespread availability- Good for making stuffed toys/amigurumi- Easy to work with for many- Lot of yarn included- Durable sans the washing machineCONS:- Scratchy (though one wash can help soften it up)- Acrylic (only a con for some)- Splices a little easier than other yarns (I repeat, you get what you pay for!!)- Wears after a couple washes- Occasional little tangles in the skein- Some skeins are lemonsOverall, I recommend this yarn for someone who would like to use it for toys, not garments. Blankets and large afghans, I think it would work for that too as long as it wasn't designed to be soft or sensitive on the skin.
needle whould not go thru shirtbutton came off,will have to useneedle and threadsend no more ads for stuff like this
Poor quality product. The machine began to make noises and would not work after being used twice. Returned product for refund.
I was super excited when I got this because I have been looking all over for one of these! I had one a few years ago that I had bought at Staples and it had like 30 dry erase pages (but did not stick to walls) for about 25 bucks. This one is not as nice as the one I use to have because I've tried several dry erase markers on it and nothing seems to wipe off or erase nicely. It's always left with some kind of marker residue so I end up ripping the sheet off and throwing it away after it gets too yucky looking. The last one I had lasted 1 1/2 school years! This one, I don't see it making it that long. STAPLES what did you do with that awesome white board pad?!?!?
I needed something on my desk to house the assorted "things" that accumulated. Beware that this comes unassembled. I was a bit surprised but it is not hard to put together. I did a couple pieces backwards and the finished side is not visible. That's not their fault but it is a bit tricky if you're not in the habit of constructing things.Nice piece tho. It is a bit bigger than I measured. I'm keeping it. Good if you have a really big desk. This is not a small item.
Do not waste your money on this small item. The larger Fiskar Sharpener is a better purchase for the money.
It's been a while since I've bought the simply soft yarn, and while it's still nice and soft the dye intensity has changed. When compared with old work this black is a bit dull, more like charcoal. It's pricy, too. It wasn't *that* long ago I could get a skein for $3-4. I don't think I'll be buying again, but I was glad at least to get the yarn I did to finish a project.
I'm a beginner so I wanted something easy to use, and I found it!I was working on an old machine that was so difficult, but this is simple to use machine is great. Direction are easy to use and sews beautiful. The only down point is that it isn't very quite, however, compared to some of the other's i've used, this is somewhat common. I would really recommend this to anyone. Its cheap to!
I purchased these for my husband and he hates them. They are not made like the older style where the eyelet was made of stretchy bands. These are all hard plastic which rub against the skin.
I ordered the 6 pack and after a week and a half, received only one canvas. It was to do gifts for Mother's day. The one canvas was NOT on time and when I inquired about the other five, I was told it was advertised wrong. They did refund my money right away, so I consider the customer service great, but advertised wrong??? Come on. Now I need to order some more from somewhere else! Frustrating!!!As far as quality of canvas, I haven't used it yet, so I would refer to the other reviews. It seems to look good.
I love glitter glue and I have all kinds. These are ok. As glitter glue they work just fine. And the colors are nice and clear, but I am not sure I would say they really "POP" all that much. They definitely have more dimension that plain glitter glue, but you can really only tell that if they are next to plain glitter glue. If you did a whole project with just these thinking it is going to stand out a lot, you may be disappointed. If you really want 3D glitter glue stick with the Stickles. If you are just looking for bold colored glitter glue, this works great.
My new sewing machine that I bought at the same time fits perfect. Light weight and easy to use.
This ink is great, and completely waterproof in my experience. I ran a page under the faucet expecting some amount of running or smearing and I didn't have any.
I make my own magnets with this refill- LOTS of waste in it- the first part of the roll, the last part of the roll, and if you don't position your paper just right, there's lots of waste between the magnets.and what do you do with the plastic piece when you're done?I like my xyron 900, but doubt I would buy another. Too expensive for the refills, and the waste makes me ill.
COMPLETES MY COLLECTION NO NEED TO STOP A PROJECT IN THE MIDDLE TO GO BUY NEEDLES. ESPECIALLY BECAUSE I KNIT ALL NIGHT AND NO CRAFT SHOPS ARE OPEN AT THAT TIME.
I didn't notice an exceptional difference between this cleaner and others I have tried. I wouldn't pay more for this. I use it with my ultrasonic cleaner machine and it is effective.
The seller sent me Singer 7412 instead of 7442 as a sale contract. But it is good enough to me.The thread is jamping on the bottom I have to use thin blade to cut it so I can remove fabric out of machine.Otherwise, it is good sewing machine.
These guys must have laughed hysterically when they decided to call this paper Heavyweight... or even White for that matter, and just for fun, made up the word Duo-Finish.First off, the paper itself was wavy and completely uneven, almost like it had been exposed to moisture or humidity. It was not smooth at all, is an icky, off white color, and both sides were equally crappy. It's as thin as cut-rate copy machine paper. Unlike the photo, it does not come on any kind of core, and the center is wound so tight you can't slide it onto any kind of rod to use as 'roll' paper unless you spend a half hour to hand loosen it. Even if you bother, it will end up sagging on whatever hanger rod you put it on instead of sit in a clean roll, making it very awkward to use.You can completely forget trying to use it as cheapo photography background paper, and is so crappy looking, will show in anything but the most blurred backgrounds. I can't imagine it's much good for anything EXCEPT letting a child scribble with crayons on it. It's basically going to end up as wadding for shipping/package filler.Seriously, pass this junk right on by and purchase a decent brand...It's pathetic.;(..
The product detail leads you to believe you are getting three booklets, when you are only getting one. The other two are just one page instructions folded to look like a booklet. The main booklet is not like the original and is written in five or so languages surrounding the picture making both the instructions (in your language) harder to read and detail in the illustration harder to see. Go for the original Jon Gnagy Learn To Draw.
3M Scotch 1/2-inch double-sided foam tape is wonderful for scrapbooking and cardmaking. I love to use this tape because it is extremely sticky and the foam is just thick enough to add dimension to my project and not so thick to where it is difficult to mail hand made cards. The pricing here simply cannot be beat, this roll will last a crafter a very long time. I have also used this tape to hang up pictures and shelves in my crafting studio.
First of all, I must say that Oxo has a great return policy. Over 10 years ago, I had bought two pairs of these. Both of the springs broke. I wrote them a letter, and they sent two new pairs.They must have improved the design, as I have used the two replacement pairs down to this day. These shears have mostly been used for garden trimming and cutting non-woody flowers for arrangements. As a one-time full-time horticulturist, they have taken hard use and held up. I like the spring action. It is less fatiguing for the hands. However, the red locking clip does fall into the path of the handle sometimes and that can be irritating.As with other shears, I clean them regularly and sharpen them when dull.For kitchen cutting, I use a lightweight pair of Fiskars that can be taken apart for cleaning.
I have only printed out one photo to cross stitch, and I have no idea where that print-out is at this time.But the program worked as promised and someday when I am old and gray (oh, wait, that won't work - I am alread there!) I will begin with a simple photo that won't take me forever and a day to start and finish.I would recommend this program, however.
Product works as advertised so you would assume it is a good product but you know what they say about assuming. What is NOT advertised is that the punch heads sit in three separate tracks and you can only adjust the punch heads so much. I purchased this product to punch seven equidistance holes in my preprinted checks so the stubs could be held in a binder. Due to the products limitations, I can punch only five holes in the proper positions and have to manually punch single holes for the other two.If this product had a single track so the punch heads were fully adjustable I would have given it a five star rating.
I probably gave this thing a bunch of stars and a shining review when I first got it 2 yrs ago. But I would like to recant my statement and say this sewing machine looks nice and seems very easy to use, with all the neat little stitches and fun things it does, WHEN it decides to work properly. Which is about 20% of the time. I spend more time messing with the bobbin and tangled thread (usually the expensive decorative stuff, too, love wasting that) than actually sewing anything. And the tension gives me fits too. It doesn't seem to matter which way I turn the wheel, I'm going to have loops, even after replacing the needle. I am ready to take a hammer to the machine. (By the way, I hope this review makes some sense; I'm writing as my project sits, unfinished, in the jammed sewing machine. I am not pleased.)
It's a little too hard for me to push down. I think it works fine but I am elderly and don't have the push power that I used to have.
Loved that this was the second one in line to ship fast! :) Thanks guys Keep up the good work!
My daughter really likes this stamp set. The only complaint I have is that the box doesn't have a lid or anything to keep the items inside. My daughter likes to take things with her when we visit family, and this is difficult to travel with. The stamps ARE very cute, though, and we've had a really great time creating beautiful artwork for the refrigerator!
Good unit as such. My wife is loving it. Giving only 4 stars as it is a little complicated at start.
THIS THING IS A PIECE OF JUNK DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY I USED IT ONE TIME AND THROW IT AWAY
I purchased this ink to be used with my extra-fine point LAMY Safary fountain pen. At first I liked the deep black color but in a few days I noticed that my pen started to clog. Even though I kept cleaning my pen with warm water, it kept happening. I switched to LAMY ink and the problem completely went away.This ink might be great for other types of pens, but if you have an extra-fine point, consider getting a different one.
I bought this lighter after reading some rave reviews here and other places. I wanted a no frills bulletproof lighter I even went with the clear so I could always easily see how much fluid was in it. I used the lighter for cigar lighting mostly. I only ran vector butane. The lighter worked for a couple weeks then it failed. It would not light most of the time and then not at all. I liked the idea, strong flame large fuel capacity durable design. You can find a lot of different variations of this style torch lighter but if its not going to be bulletproof guaranteed why waste 30 bucks. You can try your luck on a 5 dollar version. For what it is worth I do have a Xikar Element and its been my durable fail safe and would recommend it.
This carrying case is an unnecessary option. The sewing machine already comes with its own case. The case is flimsy, and mine arrived cracked and damaged. Did not try to return as the shipping would have been prohibitive, so I had to eat the loss.
I just got this today. And i thought it was going to be great. But when i opened the box, one of the brushed were snapped in half, the stone stamp is just a block, and the spoon is crappy plastic.
This tape did a good job on a couple of ripped paperback covers, and it didn't have sticky edges. You do have to be careful to get it in the right spot the first time.